[Scene: Chandler's Office, Chandler is on a coffee break. &nbsp; Shelley enters.)	
Shelley: Hey gorgeous, how's it going?	happy
Chandler: Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?	yes
Shelley: Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you.	neither
Chandler: Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...	yes
Shelley: Do you want a date Saturday?	neither
Chandler: Yes please.	neither
Shelley: Okay. He's cute, he's funny, he's-	happy
Chandler: He's a he?	yes
Shelley: Well yeah! ...Oh God. I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley. I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now...(backs out of the room) Okay, goodbye... Opening Credits	sad
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there.)	0
Chandler: ...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?	sad
Rachel: Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...	neither
Chandler: You did?	neither
Rachel: Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.	yes
Chandler: Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?	neither
Monica: I did.	neither
Phoebe: Yeah, I think so, yeah.	neither
Joey: Not me.	neither
Ross: Nono, me neither. Although, uh, y'know, back in college, Susan Sallidor did.	neither
Chandler: You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?	neither
Ross: No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so... (Joey congratulates Ross, sees Chandler's look and abruptly stops.)	neither
Chandler: Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?	yes
Phoebe: I dunno, 'cause you're smart, you're funny...	yes
Chandler: Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him?	yes
All: Yeah! Right!	neither
Chandler: WHAT IS IT?!	neither
Monica: Okay, I-I d'know, you-you just- you have a quality.	neither
All: Yes. Absolutely. A quality.	neither
Chandler: Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this. (Phone rings; Monica gets it)	yes
Monica: Hello? Hello? Oh! Rachel, it's Paolo calling from Rome.	neither
Rachel: Oh my God! Calling from Rome! (Takes phone) Bon giorno, caro mio.	happy
Ross: (to Joey) So he's calling from Rome. I could do that. Just gotta go to Rome.	yes
Rachel: Monica, your dad just beeped in, but can you make it quick? Talking to Rome. (Showing off to Phoebe and Chandler) I'm talking to Rome.	neither
Monica: Hey dad, what's up? (Listens) Oh God. Ross, it's Nana.	neither
[Scene: The Hospital, Mr. and Mrs. Geller are there, along with Aunt Lillian. Ross and Monica enter and everyone says hi and kisses.)	0
Ross: So, uh, how's she doing? Aunt Lillian: The doctor says it's a matter of hours.	sad
Monica: How-how are you, Mom? Mrs. Geller: Me? I'm fine, fine. I'm glad you're here. ...What's with your hair?	neither
Monica: What? Mrs. Geller: What's different?	neither
Monica: Nothing. Mrs. Geller: Oh, maybe that's it. (Monica strides over to Ross, who is making coffee, and talks to him aside.)	neither
Monica: She is unbelievable, our mother is...	yes
Ross: Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.	yes
Monica: Oh God! (They hug.) [Cut to the hospital, later. Everyone is talking about Nana.]	sad
Monica: The fuzzy little mints at the bottom of her purse.	neither
Ross: Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants. Mr. Geller: Not just restaurants, from our house. (The nurse comes out of Nana's room.)	yes
Nurse: Mrs. Geller? (Everyone stands up. Cut to Ross and Monica in Nana's room.)	neither
Ross: She looks so small.	neither
Monica: I know.	neither
Ross: Well, at least she's with Pop-Pop and Aunt Phyllis now.	neither
Monica: G'bye, Nana. (She kisses her on the forehead.)	neither
Ross: Bye, Nana. (He goes to kiss her but she moves. Monica screams. Ross shouts and stares in disbelief. Monica runs out of the room.)	neither
Monica: Ross! (Ross runs out too.) Mrs. Geller: What is going on?!	neither
Ross: Y'know how-how the nurse said that-that Nana had passed? Well, she's not, quite.. Mrs. Geller: What?	neither
Ross: She's not- past, she's present, she's back. Aunt Lillian: (reentering) What's going on? Mr. Geller: She may have died. Aunt Lillian: She may have died? Mr. Geller: We're looking into it. (Monica returns with the nurse and they go into Nana's room.)	happy
Ross: I, uh, I'll go see. (He goes in)	neither
Nurse: This almost never happens! (Nana passes for the second time and the nurse pulls the blanket over her. Ross and Monica go to tell the family)	neither
Ross: Now she's passed.	sad
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Phoebe, Joey, and Rachel are there.]	0
Chandler: I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair?	neither
Rachel: (exasperated) Yes, Chandler, that's exactly what it is. It's your hair.	yes
Phoebe: Yeah, you have homosexual hair. (Monica and Ross enter.)	yes
Rachel: So, um, did she...	neither
Ross: Twice.	neither
Joey: Twice?	neither
Phoebe: Oh, that sucks!	sad
Joey: You guys okay?	neither
Ross: I dunno, it's weird. I mean, I know she's gone, but I just don't feel, uh...	sad
Phoebe: Maybe that's 'cause she's not really gone.	neither
Ross: Nono, she's gone.	sad
Monica: We checked. A lot.	neither
Phoebe: Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? (She circles her hand around her right shoulder. Chandler, sitting on her right, draws back nervously) Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.	sad
Rachel: Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this? (Gives her a pencil)	neither
Phoebe: Thanks!	happy
Rachel: Sure. I just sharpened her this morning.	neither
Joey: Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food! (realises his tactlessness) ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?	neither
Phoebe: Y'know, I dunno who this is, but it's not Debbie. (Hands back the pencil)	neither
[Scene: Nana's house, Ross, Mrs. Geller and Aunt Lillian are going through clothes.]	0
Ross: I thought it was gonna be a closed casket. Mrs. Geller: Well, that doesn't mean she can't look nice! (They open a cupboard which, amongst other things, contains a chest of drawers) Mrs. Geller: Sweetie, you think you can get in there?	neither
Ross: (sarcastic) I don't see why not. (He tries pushing against the chest of drawers. Then he opens one of the drawers and climbs into the closet using that; he falls behind the chest of drawers with a shout.)	yes
Ross: Here's my retainer!	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is talking to her father.] Mr. Geller: I was just thinking. When my time comes-	neither
Monica: Dad! Mr. Geller: Listen to me! When my time comes, I wanna be buried at sea.	neither
Monica: You what? Mr. Geller: I wanna be buried at sea, it looks like fun.	neither
Monica: Define fun. Mr. Geller: C'mon, you'll make a day of it! You'll rent a boat, pack a lunch...	neither
Monica: ...And then we throw your body in the water... Gee, that does sound fun. Mr. Geller: Everyone thinks they know me. Everyone says 'Jack Geller, so predictable'. Maybe after I'm gone, they'll say 'Buried at sea! Huh!'.	yes
Monica: That's probably what they'll say. Mr. Geller: I'd like that.	neither
[Scene: Chandler's Office, Shelley is drinking coffee; Chandler enters.]	0
Chandler: Hey, gorgeous.	happy
Shelley: (sheepish) Hey. Look, I'm sorry about yesterday, I, um-	sad
Chandler: No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake.	neither
Shelley: Oh! Okay! Phew!	happy
Chandler: So, uh... what do you think it is about me?	neither
Shelley: I dunno, uh... you just have a-a...	neither
Chandler: ...Quality, right, great.	neither
Shelley: Y'know, it's a shame, because you and Lowell would've made a great couple.	yes
Chandler: Lowell? Financial Services' Lowell, that's who you saw me with?	neither
Shelley: What? He's cute!	neither
Chandler: Well, yeah... 's'no Brian in Payroll.	neither
Shelley: Is Brian...?	neither
Chandler: No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.	neither
Shelley: Well, I think Brian's a little out of your league.	neither
Chandler: Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not.	neither
[Scene: Nana's Bedroom, Ross is holding a dress out from inside the closet.]	0
Ross: (holding a dress out from inside the closet) This one? Aunt Lillian: No.	neither
Ross: I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy. Aunt Lillian: You know, whatever we pick, she would've told us it's the wrong one. Mrs. Geller: You're right. We'll go with the burgundy.	yes
Ross: Oh! A fine choice. I'm coming out. (Starts to climb over the furniture) Aunt Lillian: Wait! We need shoes! (Ross falls back inside)	neither
Ross: Okay. Um, how about these? (Holds out a pair) Mrs. Geller: That's really a day shoe.	neither
Ross: And where she's going everyone else'll be dressier? Aunt Lillian: Could we see something in a slimmer heel?	yes
Ross: (forages around) Okay, I have nothing in an evening shoe in the burgundy. I can show you something in a silver that may work. Aunt Lillian: No, it really should be burgundy. Mrs. Geller: Mm. Unless we go with a different dress?	neither
Ross: No! Nonono, wait a sec. I may have something in the back. (He finds a shoebox (out of shot), pulls it down and opens it. It is full of Sweet 'n' Lo's.)	neither
Ross: Oh my God.. Mrs. Geller: Is everything all right, dear?	neither
Ross: Yeah, just... just Nana stuff. (He reaches up higher and knocks down another shoebox lid. Sweet 'n' Lo's rain down on him) Commercial Break	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are preparing to leave for the funeral.]	0
Ross: (entering) How we doing, you guys ready?	neither
Monica: Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?	neither
Ross: Some days it's all I can think about.	yes
Phoebe: (entering) Hi, sorry I'm late, I couldn't find my bearings.	neither
Rachel: Oh, you-you mean your earrings?	neither
Phoebe: What'd I say?	neither
Rachel: (sticking her foot out) Hm-m.	neither
Monica: Are these the shoes?	neither
Rachel: Yes. Paolo sent them from Italy.	neither
Ross: What, we-uh- we don't have shoes here, or...?	yes
Joey: (entering with Chandler) Morning. We ready to go?	neither
Chandler: Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it? (They all leave.)	neither
[Scene: The cemetary, after the funeral.]	0
Monica: It was a really beautiful service. Mrs. Geller: It really was. Oh, c'mere, sweetheart. (Hugs her) Y'know, I think it might be time for you to start using night cream. (Joey listens to his overcoat for a second and sighs, then notices Chandler watching)	neither
Joey: What?	neither
Chandler: Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.	yes
Joey: Check it out, Giants-Cowboys. (He has a pocket TV)	neither
Chandler: You're watching a football game at a funeral?	neither
Joey: No, it's the pre-game. I'm gonna watch it at the reception.	neither
Chandler: You are a frightening, frightening man. (Rachel steps in a patch of mud)	yes
Rachel: Oh no! My new Paolo shoes!	sad
Ross: Oh, I hope they're not ruined.	neither
Phoebe: God, what a great day. ...What? Weather-wise!	yes
Ross: I know, uh, the air, the-the trees... even though Nana's gone there's, there's something almost, uh- I dunno, almost life-aff- (Not looking where he is going he falls into an open grave)	sad
All: God! Ross!	neither
Ross: I'm fine. Just-just... having my worst fear realised...	sad
[Scene: The Wake, at the Gellers' house. Ross is lying on his back, with Phoebe squatting over him, checking to see if he's injured.]	0
Phoebe: Okay, don't worry, I'm just checking to see if the muscle's in spasm...huh.	neither
Ross: What, what is it?	neither
Phoebe: You missed a belt loop.	neither
Ross: Oh! No-n-	sad
Phoebe: Okay, it's in spasm. Mrs. Geller: Here, sweetie, here. I took these when I had my golfing accident. (Hands Ross a bottle of pills. Then turns to Monica and pats her hair over her ears) (Cut to Chandler and a woman, Andrea, reaching for the same slice of meat)	neither
Chandler: Oh, no-	sad
Andrea: Sorry- Hi, I'm Dorothy's daughter.	neither
Chandler: Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is. (They shake hands. Cut to Ross emerging from a hallway, grinning inanely. He is obviously very stoned)	yes
Phoebe: Hey, look who's up! How do you feel?	neither
Ross: I feel great. I feel- great, I fleel great.	neither
Monica: Wow, those pills really worked, huh?	happy
Ross: Not the first two, but the second two- woooo! ...I love you guys. You guys are the greatest. I love my sister (Kisses Monica), I love Pheebs... (Hugs her)	neither
Phoebe: Ooh! That's so nice...	happy
Ross: ...Chandler!	neither
Chandler: Hey.	neither
Ross: (hugs him) And listen, man, if you wanna be gay, be gay. Doesn't matter to me.	neither
Andrea: (turns to a friend) You were right. (They walk off and leave Chandler.)	?
Ross: Rachel. Rachel Rachel. (Sits down beside her) I love you the most.	happy
Rachel: (humouring him) Oh, well you know who I love the most?	neither
Ross: No.	neither
Rachel: You!	neither
Ross: Oh.. you don't get it! (Passes out and slumps across her) (Cut to Joey watching TV in the corner. He makes an extravagant gesture of disappointment.) Mr. Geller: Whaddya got there?	neither
Joey: (hides the TV, but he still has an earphone) Just a, uh... hearing disability. Mr. Geller: What's the score?	neither
Joey: Seventeen-fourteen Giants... three minutes to go in the third. Mr. Geller: Beautiful! (Turns to watch with him) (Time lapse. A large crowd of men are now watching the game)	neither
Rachel: (still trapped under Ross) Pheebs, could you maybe hand me a cracker? Mrs. Geller: (to Monica) Your grandmother would have hated this.	neither
Monica: Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all. Mrs. Geller: No, I'd be hearing about 'Why didn't I get the honey-glazed ham?', I didn't spend enough on flowers, and if I spent more she'd be saying 'Why are you wasting your money? I don't need flowers, I'm dead'.	yes
Monica: That sounds like Nana. Mrs. Geller: Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?	sad
Monica: ...I can imagine. Mrs. Geller: I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.	neither
Monica: That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her? Mrs. Geller: Tell her what?	neither
Monica: How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example. Mrs. Geller: I'm not sure I know what you're getting at.	neither
Monica: Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth? Mrs. Geller: ...No. I think some things are better left unsaid. I think it's nicer when people just get along.	neither
Monica: Huh. Mrs. Geller: More wine, dear?	neither
Monica: Oh, I think so. Mrs. Geller: (reaches out to fiddle with Monica's hair again, and realises) Those earrings look really lovely on you.	neither
Monica: Thank you. They're yours. Mrs. Geller: Actually they were Nana's. (There is a cry of disappointment from the crowd of men.) Mr. Geller: Now I'm depressed! ...(To everyone) Even more than I was.	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, the gang are looking at old photos.]	0
Rachel: Hey, who's this little naked guy?	neither
Ross: That little naked guy would be me.	neither
Rachel: Aww, look at the little thing.	neither
Ross: Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?	neither
Chandler: Who are those people?	neither
Ross: Got me.	neither
Monica: Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. (Reads the back) 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.	neither
Rachel: Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?	neither
Monica: Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?	neither
Ross: Looks like a fun gang. (They all look at each other and smile)	happy
Joey: Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!	happy
Ross: (looking) Nono, that would be me again. I'm, uh, just trying something. Closing Credits	neither
[Scene: Chandler's Office, Chandler is on a coffee break as Lowell enters.]	0
Chandler: Hey, Lowell.	neither
Lowell: Hey, Chandler.	neither
Chandler: So how's it going there in Financial Services?	neither
Lowell: It's like Mardi Gras without the paper mache heads. How 'bout you?	yes
Chandler: Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.	neither
Lowell: I know. That's what I told her.	neither
Chandler: Really.	neither
Lowell: Yeah.	neither
Chandler: So- you can tell?	neither
Lowell: Pretty much, most of the time. We have a kind of... radar.	neither
Chandler: So you don't think I have a, a quality?	neither
Lowell: Speaking for my people, I'd have to say no. By the way, your friend Brian from Payroll, he is.	neither
Chandler: He is?	neither
Lowell: Yup, and waaay out of your league. (Exits)	neither
Chandler: Out of my league. I could get a Brian. (Brian enters behind him) If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. (Sees him) Hey, Brian. End	neither
The One Where Underdog Gets Away Written by: Jeff Greenstein &amp; Jeff Strauss Transcribed by: Mindy Mattingly Phillips With Minor Adjustments by: Dan Silverstein	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is confronting her boss, Terry.]	0
Rachel: Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary?	neither
Terry: An advance?	neither
Rachel: It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.	neither
Terry: Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.	yes
Rachel: Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? (everyone in the place raises their hand) Oh, look at that. Opening Credits	happy
[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is approaching a customer.]	0
Rachel: Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?	neither
Guy: Huh?	neither
Rachel: Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that spill before. (picks up the tip he leaves) Only $98.50 to go. (Monica enters.)	neither
Monica: Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?	neither
Ross: No, they're not.	neither
Monica: Yes, they are. The Blymens invited them.	neither
Ross: You're wrong.	neither
Monica: I am not wrong.	neither
Ross: You're wrong.	neither
Monica: No, I just talked to them.	neither
Ross: (getting up, upset) I'm calling Mom. (Joey enters. His face looks abnormally colorful.)	neither
Joey: Hey, hey.	neither
Chandler: Hey.	neither
Phoebe: Hey.	neither
Chandler: And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?	yes
Joey: Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.	neither
Chandler: That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.	yes
Phoebe: What were you modeling for?	neither
Joey: You know those posters for the city free clinic?	neither
Monica: Oh, wow, so you're gonna be one of those &quot;healthy, healthy, healthy guys&quot;?	neither
Phoebe: You know, the asthma guy was really cute.	neither
Chandler: Do you know which one you're gonna be?	neither
Joey: No, but I hear lyme disease is open, so... (crosses fingers)	neither
Chandler: Good luck, man. I hope you get it.	yes
Joey: Thanks. (Ross comes back to the couch.)	neither
Ross: (to Monica) Well, you were right. How can they do this to us, huh? It's Thanksgiving.	sad
Monica: Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.	neither
Ross: Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?	yes
Monica: You know, they're not actually supposed to have... (Ross looks at her sheepishly) I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right?	neither
Joey: Yeah.	neither
Monica: And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.	neither
Chandler: Yes, every single one of them.	neither
Monica: Phoebe, you're gonna be with your grandma?	neither
Phoebe: Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.	neither
Monica: So you're free Thursday, then.	neither
Phoebe: Yeah. Oh, can I come?	neither
Monica: Yeah. Rach, are you thinking you're gonna make it to Vail?	neither
Rachel: Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.	neither
Chandler: I thought it was $98.50.	neither
Rachel: Yeah, well it was. I, I broke a cup.	neither
Ross: Well, I'm off to Carol's.	neither
Phoebe: Ooh, ooh! Why don't we invite her?	neither
Ross: (mimicking) Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner.	yes
[Scene: Carol and Susan's apartment, Susan is there. Ross enters.]	0
Ross: Hi, is uh, is Carol here?	neither
Susan: No, she's at a faculty meeting.	neither
Ross: Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.	neither
Ross: Thanks. Yeah, Carol borrowed it for a class, and I have to get it back to the museum.	neither
Susan: What's it look like?	neither
Ross: Kinda like a big face without skin.	neither
Susan: Yes, I'm familiar with the concept. We can just look for it.	yes
Ross: Ok. (browsing the apartment) Wow, you guys sure have a lot of books about bein' a lesbian.	neither
Susan: Well, you know, you have to take a course. Otherwise, they don't let you do it.	neither
Ross: (picking up a book) Hey, hey, Yertle the Turtle. A classic.	neither
Susan: Actually, I'm reading it to the baby.	neither
Ross: The uh, the baby that hasn't been born yet? Wouldn't that mean you're... crazy?	neither
Susan: What, you don't think they can hear sounds in there?	neither
Ross: You're not serious, I mean, you really... you really talk to it?	neither
Susan: Yeah, all the time. I want the baby to know my voice.	neither
Ross: Do you uh, do you talk about me?	neither
Susan: Yeah, yeah, all the time.	neither
Ross: Really?	neither
Susan: But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there but Rachel.]	0
Ross: Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.	neither
Chandler: I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head. (Rachel enters.)	?
Monica: Hey, Rach, did you make your money?	neither
Rachel: No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.	sad
Monica: Rach, here's your mail.	neither
Rachel: Thanks, you can just put it on the table.	neither
Monica: (insistently) No, here's your mail.	neither
Rachel: Thanks, you can just put it on the table.	neither
Monica: (gives her an envelope) Would you just open it? (Rachel opens it. Inside is the money she needed.)	neither
Rachel: Oh my god, oh, you guys are great.	happy
Monica: We all chipped in.	neither
Joey: (to Monica) We did?	neither
Monica: (to Joey) You owe me 20 bucks.	neither
Rachel: Thank you. Thank you so much!	happy
Monica: (hands Chandler a bag) Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.	neither
Rachel: Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?	neither
Chandler: All right, I'm nine years old.	yes
Ross: Oh, I hate this story.	sad
Chandler: We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.	sad
Rachel: Oh my god.	sad
Chandler: Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.	sad
[Scene: The subway, Joey spots a gorgeous woman waiting. He goes up to her.]	0
Joey: Uh, hi. We uh, we used to work together.	neither
Girl: We did?	neither
Joey: Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy. (pretends to spray cologne) Aramis? Aramis?	neither
Girl: Yeah, right.	neither
Joey: I gotta tell you. You're the best in the business.	neither
Girl: Get out.	neither
Joey: I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to spritz, when to lay back.	neither
Girl: Really? You don't know what that means to me.	neither
Joey: Ooh, you smell great tonight. What're you wearing?	happy
Girl: (provocatively) Nothing.	neither
Joey: Listen, uh, you wanna go get a drink or something?	neither
Girl: Yeah. (she gets up, notices something behind Joey) Oh.	neither
Joey: What's wrong?	neither
Girl: I just remembered, I have to do something.	neither
Joey: Oh. What?	neither
Girl: Um, leave.	yes
Joey: Wait, wait, wait! (Joey turns around and sees his face on a poster in the subway. The poster says: What Mario isn't telling you...V.D., you never know who might have it. A variety of scenes are shown with the poster displayed all over New York City.)	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey enters, amongst snickers from the gang.]	0
Joey: So I guess you all saw it.	neither
Rachel: Saw what?	neither
Phoebe: No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious.	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey enters, upset.]	0
Joey: Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.	yes
Chandler: Tonight, on a very special Blossom. Commercial Break	?
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is cooking Thanksgiving dinner. Chandler is standing in the doorway, not wanting to participate in the festivities.]	0
Monica: Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming. (notices Ross is depressed) What?	happy
Ross: I don't know. It's just not the same without Mom in the kitchen.	sad
Monica: All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping.	neither
Ross: That's closer. (Rachel enters, excited.)	yes
Rachel: I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop.	happy
Chandler: Oh, you must stop shooping.	neither
Rachel: Ok, I'm gonna get my stuff.	neither
Joey: Chandler, will you just come in already?	neither
Chandler: No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment. (Phoebe takes a slice of pumpkin pie and waves it in front of Chandler's face.)	neither
Phoebe: Look out, incoming pumpkin pie!	neither
Chandler: Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore. (Chandler leaves.)	neither
Joey: Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.	neither
Monica: That's not a question.	yes
Joey: But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.	neither
Monica: All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.	neither
Ross: Ok, I'm off to talk to my unborn child. (Ross grabs for some food, Monica slaps his hand away.)	neither
Monica: Ah!	neither
Ross: Ok, Mom never hit. (Ross exits.)	neither
Phoebe: (stirring pot) Ok, all done.	neither
Monica: What, Phoebe, did you whip the potatoes? Ross needs lumps!	neither
Phoebe: Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.	neither
Monica: Why would we do that?	neither
Phoebe: Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.	neither
Monica: Ok, three kinds of potatoes coming up.	neither
Rachel: Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything. (she starts to leave, and hits everyone with her skis) Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry! (Chandler enters, running.)	neither
Chandler: The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.	neither
Joey: The balloon?	neither
Chandler: No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?	neither
Rachel: I can't, I gotta go.	neither
Chandler: Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?	neither
Phoebe: Almost never.	neither
Monica: Got the keys? or Got the keys!	neither
Rachel: Ok. (Everyone leaves the apartment.)	neither
[Scene: Carol and Susan's, Ross is preparing to talk to her belly.]	0
Carol: Anytime you're ready.	neither
Ross: Ok, ok, here we go. (he crouches down near her stomach) Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems to offer a certain acoustical advantage, but...	neither
Carol: Just aim for the bump.	neither
Ross: Ok, ok, ok, ok, here goes. You know, I, you know, can't do this. Uh, this is too weird. I feel stupid.	neither
Carol: So don't do it, it's fine. You don't have to do it just because Susan does it.	neither
Ross: (quickly talking) Hello, baby. Hello, hello.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the group is coming back from the roof.]	0
Rachel: I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.	neither
Phoebe: Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean.	neither
Monica: Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here?	neither
Rachel: We're waiting for you to open the door. You got the keys.	neither
Monica: No I don't.	neither
Rachel: Yes, you do. When we left, you said, &quot;got the keys.&quot;	neither
Monica: No I didn't. I asked, &quot;got the ke-eys?&quot;	neither
Rachel: No, no, no, you said, &quot;got the keys&quot;.	neither
Chandler: Do either of you have the keys?	neither
Monica: (panicked) The oven is on.	neither
Rachel: Oh, I gotta get my ticket!	neither
Joey: Wait, wait, we have a copy of your key.	neither
Monica: Well then get it, get it!	neither
Joey: That tone will not make me go any faster.	yes
Monica: (angry) Joey!	neither
Joey: That one will. (Joey leaves to get the copy of the key.)	yes
[Scene: Carol and Susan's, Carol is reading, Ross is talking to her stomach.]	0
Ross: And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore.	neither
Carol: Look, you don't have to talk to it. You can sing to it if you want.	neither
Ross: Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok? (Susan enters.)	neither
Susan: Hi, how's it goin?	neither
Ross: Shh! (singing) Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey! (to Carol) Hey, uh, did you just feel that?	neither
Carol: I did.	neither
Ross: Does it always, uh--?	neither
Carol: No, no that was the first.	neither
Susan: Keep singing! Keep singing!	neither
Ross: (singing) Hey, hey, you're my baby, and I can't wait to meet you. When you come out I'll buy you a bagel, and then we'll go to the zoo.	neither
Susan: I felt it!	happy
Ross: (singin) Hey, hey, I'm your daddy. I'm the one without any breasts.	yes
[Scene: The Hallway, Joey has a tray full of keys, and is trying each one in the lock.]	0
Joey: Nope, not that one.	neither
Monica: Can you go any faster with that?	neither
Joey: Hey, I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.	yes
Monica: Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?	neither
Chandler: (sarcastic) For an emergency just like this.	yes
Rachel: (grabs Chandler by the shirt) All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this (makes a gesture like a stewardess pointing out exits) right now. But I'm not.	yes
Monica: I swear you said you had the keys.	neither
Rachel: No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys.	neither
Phoebe: Ooh, ok, that's it. Enough with the keys. No one say keys. (Short pause.)	neither
Monica: Why would I have the keys?	neither
Rachel: Aside from the fact that you said you had them?	neither
Monica: But I didn't.	neither
Rachel: Well, you should have.	neither
Monica: Why?	neither
Rachel: Because!	neither
Monica: Why?	neither
Rachel: Because!	neither
Monica: Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! (starting to cry) Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...	neither
Chandler: Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go. (They walk in. Smoke fills the apartment.)	yes
Monica: Well, the turkey's burnt. (checking pots) Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined. (Ross enters, singing.)	sad
Ross: Here we come, walkin' down the&#151;this doesn't smell like Mom's.	yes
Monica: No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross? (picks up the pan of badly burnt potatoes) Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.	yes
Rachel: Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.	yes
Joey: Hey, we all had better plans. This was nobody's first choice.	neither
Monica: Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?	neither
Joey: You call that delicious? (all shouting)	neither
Monica: Stop it, stop it, stop it!	neither
Chandler: Now this feels like Thanksgiving. [Time lapse. Everyone is upset with each other. Phoebe is at the window.]	yes
Phoebe: Ooh.	neither
Rachel: What?	neither
Phoebe: Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal. (They all run to the window.)	neither
Joey: I've gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!	neither
Monica: Ooh, Ugly Naked Dancing!	neither
Phoebe: It's nice that he has someone. [Time lapse. The gang is around the table, eating grilled cheese sandwiches.]	neither
Chandler: Shall I carve?	neither
Rachel: By all means.	neither
Chandler: Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?	neither
Ross: I don't even wanna know about the dark cheese.	neither
Monica: (holding sandwich) Does anybody wanna split this with me?	neither
Joey: Oh, I will.	neither
Phoebe: Ooh, you guys have to make a wish.	neither
Monica: Make a wish?	neither
Phoebe: Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?	neither
Joey: The bigger half.	neither
Chandler: I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.	yes
All: That's so sweet.	yes
Ross: And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas.	yes
Rachel: And a crappy New Year.	yes
Chandler: Here, here! Closing Credits	yes
[Scene: The Subway, Joey sees his poster and he peels off the caption on his poster, revealing more posters underneath. The captions read, as follows: Bladder Control Problem Stop Wife Beating Hemorrhoids? Winner of 3 Tony Awards... He's finally happy with that and walks away.] End	0
The One With the Monkey Written by: Adam Chase &amp; Ira Ungerleider Transcribed by: guineapig	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is entering.]	0
Ross: Guys? There's a somebody I'd like you to meet. (A monkey jumps on to his shoulder.)	neither
All: Oooh!	neither
Monica: W-wait. What is that?	neither
Ross: 'That' would be Marcel. You wanna say hi?	neither
Monica: No, no, I don't.	neither
Rachel: Oh, he is precious! Where did you get him?	neither
Ross: My friend Bethel rescued him from some lab.	neither
Phoebe: That is so cruel! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?	yes
Chandler: Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!	?
Monica: Ross, is he gonna live with you, like, in your apartment?	neither
Ross: Yeah. I mean, it's been kinda quiet since Carol left, so...	neither
Monica: Why don't you just get a roommate?	neither
Ross: Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe- (Realises) ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'. Opening Credits	yes
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is getting ready to sing. Joey is not there.]	0
Phoebe: So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.	neither
Chandler: Might wanna open with the snowman. (Enter Joey)	yes
All: Hey, Joey. Hey, buddy.	neither
Monica: So, how'd it go?	neither
Joey: Ahhhhhh, I didn't get the job.	sad
Ross: How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.	neither
Joey: I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.	neither
Monica: So what are you gonna be?	neither
Joey: Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?	sad
Rachel: Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? (They all protest and hit her with cushions) Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?	yes
Chandler: Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!	yes
Rachel: Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.	yes
Phoebe: Yeah, you wish!	neither
Chandler: It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.	neither
All: Yeah, okay. Alright.	neither
Chandler: Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm.	neither
All: Woooo! Yeah!	neither
Rachel: Phoebe, you're on.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, oh, good.	neither
Rachel: (Into microphone) Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!	neither
Phoebe: (Takes mike) Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year. (Shakes bell as an introduction) (Sung:) I made a man with eyes of coal And a smile so bewitchin', How was I supposed to know That my mom was dead in the kitchen? (shakes bell) La lalala la la la la lalala la la... (Cut to later. Everyone is totally depressed by now.)	yes
Phoebe: (Sung) ...My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes Are resting in a little yellow jar, And sometimes when it's breezy... (Over the sound of Phoebe singing we hear two scientists, Max and David, having a noisy discussion)	yes
Phoebe: (Sung) ...I feel a little sneezy And now I- (abruptly stops) Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, noisy boys! (They stop talking and look up) Is it something that you would like to share with the entire group?	neither
Max: No. No, that's- that's okay.	neither
Phoebe: Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!	yes
Chandler: (Quietly, to the others) That guy's going home with a note!	yes
David: Noth- I was- I was just saying to my-	neither
Phoebe: Could you speak up please?	neither
David: (Stands up and speaks more loudly) Sorry, I wa- I was just saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my- in my life. And then he said that- you said you thought	yes
Max: Daryl Hannah.	neither
David: Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a	neither
Max: Hard quality.	neither
David: -hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with a kind of a delicate grace. Then, uh, that-that-that's when you started yelling. (Sits down)	neither
Phoebe: Okay, we're gonna take a short break. (Goes over to their table)	neither
Joey: Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone except Joey is decorating for Christmas.]	0
Ross: Come here, Marcel. Sit here. (Marcel wanders off)	neither
Rachel: Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?	neither
Ross: Just a smidge.	neither
Phoebe: David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.	neither
Monica: I think it's romantic.	neither
Phoebe: Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?	neither
Rachel: Yeah!	neither
Phoebe: Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...	happy
Chandler: Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.	neither
Phoebe: No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?	neither
Chandler: Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.	neither
Monica: What?!	neither
Ross: C'mon, this was a pact! This was your pact!	neither
Chandler: I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.	neither
Monica: Yeah, but Janice? That-that was like the worst breakup in history!	neither
Chandler: I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped! [Joey enters, his shoes have bells on, which jingle as he walks. He is wearing a long coat.]	neither
Joey: Hi. Hi, sorry I'm late. (He removes the coat to reveal an elf costume)	neither
Chandler: Too many jokes... must mock Joey!	yes
Joey: Nice shoes, huh? (He wiggles his foot and the bells tinkle)	neither
Chandler: Aah, y'killing me! (Marcel knocks over some kitchen tools)	neither
Monica: Ross! He's playing with my spatulas again!	neither
Ross: Okay, look, he's not gonna hurt them, right?	neither
Monica: Do you always have to bring him here?	neither
Ross: I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...	neither
Chandler: Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.	neither
Ross: Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.	neither
Chandler: Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.	yes
[Scene: Max and David's lab, David is explaining something to Phoebe with the aid of a whiteboard.]	0
David: ...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near powerful enough to simulate these conditions.	neither
Phoebe: Okay, alright, I have a question, then.	neither
David: Yuh.	neither
Phoebe: Um, were you planning on kissing me ever?	
David: Uh, that's definitely a, uh, valid question. And, uh, the answer would be (Writes YES on the board) yes. Yes I was. But, see, I wanted it to be this phenomenal kiss that happened at this phenomenal moment, because, well, 'cause it's you.	neither
Phoebe: Sure.	neither
David: Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached a place where it's just gotta be one of those things where I just like... sweep everything off the table and throw you down on it. And, uh, I'm not really a, uh, sweeping sorta fella.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.	yes
David: Rrrreally.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, oh, I'm sure of it. You should just do it, just sweep and throw me.	yes
David: ...Now? Now?	neither
Phoebe: Oh yeah, right now.	neither
David: Okay, okay, okay. (Gets ready to sweep, and then picks up a laptop computer) Y'know what, this was just really expensive. (Puts it down elsewhere. Then picks up a microscope) And I'll take- this was a gift. (Moves it)	neither
Phoebe: Okay, now you're just kinda tidying.	neither
David: Okay, what the hell, what the hell. (Sweeps the remaining papers off the desk and grabs Phoebe) You want me to actually throw you or you-you wanna just hop?	neither
Phoebe: I can hop. (She hops onto the table) (They kiss, finally)	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there.]	0
Ross: So tell me something. What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?	neither
Monica: I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby.	neither
Chandler: Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby?	neither
Monica: Yeah.	neither
Joey: You know more than one Fun Bobby?	neither
Chandler: I happen to know a Fun Bob.	neither
Rachel: (Brings Joey a mug of coffee) Okay, here we go...	neither
Joey: Ooh ooh ooh ooh, there's no room for milk!	neither
Rachel: (Glances at Joey and then sips his coffee) There. Now there is.	neither
Ross: Okay, so on our no-date evening, three of you now have dates.	neither
Joey: Uh, four.	neither
Ross: Four.	neither
Rachel: Five.	neither
Ross: Five. (Buries his head in his hands)	neither
Rachel: Sorry. Paolo's catching an earlier flight.	neither
Joey: Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store. What's an elf to do?	neither
Ross: Okay, so I'm gonna be the only one standing there alone when the ball drops?	neither
Rachel: Oh, c'mon. We'll have, we'll have a big party, and no-one'll know who's with who.	neither
Ross: Hey, y'know, this is so not what I needed right now.	neither
Monica: What's the matter?	neither
Ross: Oh, it's-it's Marcel. He keeps shutting me out, y'know? He's walking around all the time dragging his hands...	neither
Chandler: That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.	neither
Ross: Really.	neither
Chandler: Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.	neither
Ross: What, uh... what juggling thing?	neither
Chandler: With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.	neither
Ross: No.	neither
Chandler: Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon... (Max runs in)	neither
Max: Phoebe. Hi.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, hi Max! Hey, do you know everybody?	neither
Max: No. Have you seen David?	neither
Phoebe: No, no, he hasn't been around.	neither
Max: Well, if you see him, tell him to pack his bags. We are going to Minsk.	neither
Phoebe: Minsk?	neither
Max: Minsk. It's in Russia.	neither
Phoebe: I know where Minsk is.	neither
Max: We got the grant. Three years, all expenses paid.	neither
Phoebe: So when, when do you leave?	neither
Max: January first. Commercial Break	neither
[Scene: Max and David's lab, they are working. Phoebe knocks on the door]	0
Phoebe: Hello?	neither
David: Hey!	neither
Phoebe: Hi.	neither
David: Hi! (Kisses her) What-what're you doing here?	neither
Phoebe: Um, well, Max told me about Minsk, so (Puts on a fake cheery voice) congratulations! This is so exciting!	neither
Max: It'd be even more exciting if we were going.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, you're not going? (Fake disappointed voice) Oh, why?	neither
Max: Tell her, David. 'I don't wanna go to Minsk and work with Lifson and Yamaguchi and Flench, on nonononononono. I wanna stay here and make out with my girlfriend!!' (Storms out)	neither
David: Thank you, Max. Thank you.	neither
Phoebe: So-so you're really not going?	neither
David: I don't know. I don't know what I'm gonna do. I just- you decide.	neither
Phoebe: Oh don't do that.	neither
David: Please.	neither
Phoebe: Oh no no.	neither
David: No, but I'm asking-	neither
Phoebe: Oh, but I can't do that-	neither
David: No, but I can't-	neither
Phoebe: It's your thing, and-	neither
David: -make the decision-	neither
Phoebe: Okay, um, stay.	neither
David: Stay.	neither
Phoebe: Stay. (He thinks for a moment and sweeps the stuff off the table)	neither
Phoebe: Getting so good at that! (She hops on)	neither
David: It was Max's stuff. (They kiss)	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the party has started.]	0
Janice: I love this artichoke thing! Oh, don't tell me what's in it, the diet starts tomorrow! (Laughs her Janice laugh)	neither
Chandler: You remember Janice.	neither
Monica: Vividly. (Someone knocks on the door; Monica gets it)	neither
Monica: Hi.	neither
Sandy: Hi, I'm Sandy.	neither
Joey: Sandy! Hi! C'mon in! (She enters, followed by a young boy and a younger girl)...You brought your kids.	neither
Sandy: Yeah. That's okay, right? (Joey and Monica look at each other and shrug. Ross enters with Marcel on his shoulder)	neither
Ross: Par-tay!	neither
Monica: That thing is not coming in here.	neither
Ross: 'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?	neither
Monica: I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.	yes
Ross: Okay. He was more embarrassed about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the courage to walk back in here like nothing happened...	neither
Monica: Alright. Just keep him away from me.	neither
Ross: Thank you. (She walks off) C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling? (Marcel runs off) Alright, I'll, uh... catch up with you later. (The door opens. Rachel is standing there. Her coat is muddy and torn, her hair is dishevelled and her face is bruised. Everyone turns to look)	neither
Monica: Oh my gosh! Rachel, honey.. are you okay? Where-where's Paolo?	neither
Rachel: Rome. Jerk missed his flight.	neither
Phoebe: And then... your face is bloated?	neither
Rachel: No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? (To Monica) Are people eating my dip? [Time lapse. Monica and Rachel, fixed up somewhat, emerge from a bedroom]	sad
Sandy: Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever mentally undressed an elf.	neither
Joey: Wow, that's, uh, dirty.	neither
Sandy: Yeah. (They almost kiss and then Joey realises her kids are staring at them)	neither
Joey: Hey, kids...	neither
Ross: (Watching Marcel play with Phoebe. To Chandler) Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.	neither
Janice: (Startles them) There you are! Haaah, you got away from me!	neither
Chandler: (Imitating) But you found me!	neither
Janice: Here, Ross, take our picture. (Hands him a camera and he starts snapping) Smile! You're on Janice Camera!	neither
Chandler: Kill me. Kill me now. (Someone else knocks on the door. Monica looks through the spyhole)	neither
Monica: Hey everybody! It's Fun Bobby! (Everyone cheers. Monica opens the door. Bobby is obviously very depressed) Fun Bobby: Hey, sorry I'm late. But my, uh, grandfather, he- died about two hours ago. But I-I-I couldn't get a flight out 'til tomorrow, so here I am!	sad
Joey: (Approaching) Hey Fun Bobby! Whoah! Who died? (Monica gestures wildly behind Fun Bobby's back) [Time lapse. Bobby is talking about his grandfather. Everyone else is virtually in tears] Fun Bobby: It's gonna be an open casket, y'know, so at least I'll- I get to see him again.	no
Janice: (Ross is still taking their photo) Oh, I'm gonna blow this one up, and I'm gonna write 'Reunited' in glitter.	neither
Chandler: Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we-	neither
Janice: Oh, no. Oh, no.	neither
Chandler: I'm sorry you misunderstood...	neither
Janice: Oh my God. You listen to me, Chandler, you listen to me. One of these times is just gonna be your last chance with me. (She runs off) (Ross is still taking photos)	neither
Chandler: Oh, will you give me the thing. (Snatches the camera) (David is feeding Phoebe popcorn. Max walks up)	neither
Phoebe: Hi, Max!	neither
Max: Yoko. (To David) I've decided to go to Minsk without you.	neither
David: Wow.	neither
Max: It won't be the same- but it'll still be Minsk. Happy New Year.(Walks off)	neither
Phoebe: Are you alright?	neither
David: Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine. (Phoebe leads David into a bedroom)	neither
Phoebe: You're going to Minsk.	neither
David: No, I'm... not going to Minsk.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.	neither
David: Yes I can. Because if I go it means I have to break up with you, and I can't break up with you.	neither
Phoebe: Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say (Hits him) 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.	neither
David: Uh, ow.	neither
Phoebe: Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. (He does so) And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.	neither
David: I'll never forget you.	neither
Phoebe: And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. (They kiss) I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy. Dick Clark: (on TV) Hi, this is Dick Clark, live in Times Square. We're in a virtual snowstorm of confetti here in Times Square... (Joey puts a blanket over Sandy's kids)	neither
Joey: There y'go, kids.	neither
Chandler: (To a woman who he has clearly just met) And then the peacock bit me. (Laughs) Please kiss me at midnight. (She leaves)	neither
Joey: You seen Sandy?	neither
Chandler: Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.	neither
Rachel: Vrrbddy, the bll is drrbing.	neither
All: (in the kitchen) What?	neither
Rachel: The bll is drrbing! Dick Clark: (on TV) In twenty seconds it'll be midnight...	neither
Chandler: And the moment of joy is upon us.	neither
Joey: Looks like that no date pact thing worked out.	neither
Phoebe: Everybody looks so happy. I hate that.	neither
Monica: Not everybody's happy. Hey Bobby! (Bobby waves and then bursts into tears. Midnight comes and everyone at the party except for the gang cheers and kisses)	neither
Chandler: Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here. (Makes kiss noise)	neither
Phoebe: I dunno. I don't feel like kissing anyone tonight.	neither
Rachel: I can't kiss anyone.	neither
Monica: So I'm kissing everyone?	neither
Joey: Nonono, you can't kiss Ross, that's your brother.	neither
Ross: Perfect. Perfect. So now everybody's getting kissed but me.	neither
Chandler: Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!	neither
Joey: Alrightalrightalright. (Kisses him. Ross takes a photo) There. Closing Credits	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, time lapse.]	0
Ross: (Watching Marcel and talking to Rachel) I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas... but he's just phoning it in. Just so hard to accept the fact that something you love so much doesn't love you back.	sad
Rachel: ...I think that bitch cracked my tooth. End	neither
The One With Mrs. Bing Written by: Alexa Junge Transcribed by: guineapig	0
[Scene: A Street: Monica and Phoebe are walking to a newsstand.]	0
Phoebe: Do you think they have yesterday's daily news?	neither
Monica: Why?	neither
Phoebe: Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.	neither
Monica: Oh my God. (Grabs Phoebe and turns her away) Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression.	neither
Phoebe: Where? (Turns to face him) Ooh, come to Momma.	neither
Monica: He's coming. Be cool, be cool, be cool. (The guy walks past them)	neither
Guy: Nice hat. Monica and Phoebe: (in unison) Thanks. (The guy walks on)	neither
Phoebe: We should do something. Whistle.	neither
Monica: We are not going to whistle.	neither
Phoebe: Come on, do it.	neither
Monica: No!	neither
Phoebe: Do it!	neither
Monica: No!	neither
Phoebe: Do it do it do it!	neither
Monica: (Shouts to the guy) Woo-woo! (The guy turns round, startled. Monica points to Phoebe. The guy gets hit by a truck)	neither
Phoebe: I can't believe you did that! Opening Credits	yes
[Scene: Hospital, the guy is in a coma and Mon and Pheebs are visiting.]	0
Monica: Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?	yes
Phoebe: I just wish there was something we could do. (Bends down and talks to him) Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!	neither
Monica: Phoebe, what are you doing?	neither
Phoebe: Maybe nobody's tried this.	neither
Monica: I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet he's a lawyer.	neither
Phoebe: Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.	neither
Monica: Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!	neither
Phoebe: Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.	yes
Monica: I wish all guys could be like him.	neither
Phoebe: I know.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Phoebe are telling everyone about their coma guy.]	0
Chandler: Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?	yes
Monica: He doesn't have anyone.	neither
Phoebe: Yeah, we-we feel kinda responsible.	neither
Joey: I can't believe you said woowoo. I don't even say woowoo.	neither
Rachel: Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up! (Turns on the TV) Jay Leno: (on TV) Folks, when we come back we'll be talking about her new book, 'Euphoria Unbound': the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing. You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one. (Everyone has settled down to watch, except Chandler)	neither
Chandler: Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.	neither
Rachel: No way, forget it.	neither
Joey: C'mon, she's your mom!	neither
Chandler: Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?	yes
Rachel: Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane without one! I mean, this is so cool!	neither
Chandler: Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch.'	yes
Ross: C'mon, Chandler, I love your mom. I think she's a blast.	neither
Chandler: You can say that because she's not your mom.	yes
Ross: Oh, please... (Rachel opens the door to Paolo)	neither
Paolo: Bona sera.	neither
Rachel: Oh, hi sweetie. (They kiss)	neither
Ross: When did Rigatoni get back from Rome?	neither
Monica: Last night.	neither
Ross: Ah, so then his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, phew.	yes
Phoebe: Hey hey hey! She's on!	neither
Paolo: Ah! Nora Bing! Jay Leno: (on TV) ...Now what is this about you-you being arrested i-in London? What is that all about?	neither
Phoebe: Your mom was arrested?	neither
Chandler: Shhh, busy beaming with pride. Mrs. Bing: (on TV) ...This is kind of embarrassing, but occasionally after I've been intimate with a man...	neither
Chandler: Now why would she say that's embarrassing?	yes
All: Shhh. Mrs. Bing: (on TV) ...I just get this craving for Kung Pow Chicken.	neither
Chandler: THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!! Jay Leno: (on TV) Alright, so now you're doing this whole book tour thing, how is that going? Mrs. Bing: (on TV) Oh, fine. I'm leaving for New York tomorrow, which I hate- but I get to see my son, who I love...	yes
All: Awww!	happy
Chandler: This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone. Jay Leno: (on TV) Y'know, don't take this wrong, I-I just don't see you a-as a mom, somehow.. I don't mean that, I don't mean that bad... Mrs. Bing: (on TV) Oh no, I am a fabulous mom! I bought my son his first condoms. (The gang turn to look at Chandler)	yes
Chandler: ...And then he burst into flames.	yes
[Scene: The Hospital, it's a montage of Monica and Phoebe's visit to the hospital with My Guy playing in the background.&nbsp; It starts with Monica reading a newspaper to him.]	0
Monica: Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports. [Next is a shot of them dragging an enormous plant into the room, then Monica knitting a sweater, then Phoebe singing, then Phoebe shaving him and chatting to Monica]	yes
Phoebe: What about Glen? He could be a Glen.	neither
Monica: Nah... not-not special enough.	yes
Phoebe: Ooh! How about Agamemnon?	neither
Monica: Waaay too special.	yes
[Scene: A Mexican Restaurant, Monica, Phoebe, Joey, Chandler and his mom are there.] Mrs. Bing: I am famished. What do I want... (Looks at Chandler's menu)	neither
Chandler: Please God don't let it be Kung Pow Chicken. Mrs. Bing: Oh, you watched the show! What'd you think?	neither
Chandler: Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.	yes
Ross: (Entering) What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place. Mrs. Bing: Oooh, c'mon, shut up, it's fun. Gimme a hug. (They both sit down) Well, I think we're ready for some tequila.	yes
Chandler: I know I am. Mrs. Bing: Who's doing shots?	neither
Monica: Yeah.	neither
Phoebe: I'm in. Mrs. Bing: There y'go. Ross?	neither
Ross: Uh, I'm not really a shot drinking kinda guy. (Enter Rachel and Paolo. They are both somewhat flustered)	neither
Rachel: Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.	neither
Ross: ...But a man can change. (Downs a shot) [Time lapse. Ross is now clearly drunk. He is holding up a shot glass to his eye like a jeweller's eye.]	neither
Ross: Anyone want me to appraise anything? (Rachel feeds something to Paolo. He eats it and licks her hand)	neither
Rachel: Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer. Mrs. Bing: Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a dozen European cities, throw in thirty euphemisms for male genitalia, and bam! You have got yourself a book.	yes
Chandler: Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen. [Cut to Mrs. Bing on the telephone.] Mrs. Bing: Yeah, any messages for room 226? (Ross emerges from a toilet marked 'Chicas') Mrs. Bing: You okay there, slugger?	yes
Ross: Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine. (A woman emerges from the toilet behind him and he tries to pretend he was in the other one) Mrs. Bing: What is with you tonight?	neither
Ross: Nothing. Nothing nothing nothing. Mrs. Bing: (To phone) Okay, thank you. (To Ross) It's the Italian Hand-Licker, isn't it.	neither
Ross: No. It's the one he's licking. Mrs. Bing: She's supposed to be with you.	neither
Ross: You're good. Mrs. Bing: Oh, Ross, listen to me. I have sold a hundred million copies of my books, and y'know why?	neither
Ross: The girl on the cover with her nipples showing? Mrs. Bing: No. Because I know how to write men that women fall in love with. Believe me, I cannot sell a Paolo. People will not turn three hundred twenty-five pages for a Paolo. C'mon, the guy's a secondary character, a, y'know, complication you eventually kill off.	yes
Ross: When? Mrs. Bing: He's not a hero. ...You know who our hero is.	neither
Ross: The guy on the cover with his nipples showing? Mrs. Bing: No, it's you!	neither
Ross: Please. Mrs. Bing: No, really, c'mon. You're smart, you're sexy...	neither
Ross: Right. Mrs. Bing: You are gonna be fine, believe me. (She kisses him on the cheek)	neither
Ross: Uh-oh... (...Then full on the mouth) (Enter Joey)	neither
Joey: Uhhhh.... I'll just pee in the street. Commercial Break	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, the next morning. Joey is getting the door in his dressing gown&#151;it's Ross.]	0
Ross: Hey, is Chandler here?	neither
Joey: Yeah. (Ross drags Joey into the hall and slams the door)	neither
Ross: Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell... (Joey shakes his head) Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't need to tell Chandler, I mean, it was just a kiss, right? One kiss? No big deal? Right?	neither
Joey: Right. No big deal.	neither
Ross: Okay.	neither
Joey: In Bizarro World!! You broke the code!	neither
Ross: What code?	neither
Joey: You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never a mom! (Chandler opens the door and startles them. He picks up the paper)	neither
Chandler: What are you guys doing out here?	neither
Ross: Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning racquetball game. But, um, apparently, somebody overslept.	neither
Joey: Yeah, well, you don't have your racket.	neither
Ross: No, no I don't, because it's being restrung, somebody was supposed to bring me one.	neither
Joey: Yeah, well you didn't call and leave your grip size.	neither
Chandler: Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together. (Goes back inside and shuts the door)	yes
Ross: Okay, I'm scum, I'm scum.	sad
Joey: Ross, how could you let this happen?	neither
Ross: I don't know, God, I... well, it's not like she's a regular mom, y'know? She's, she's sexy, she's...	yes
Joey: You don't think my mom's sexy?	neither
Ross: Well... not in the same way...	neither
Joey: I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?	yes
Ross: Okay, I think we're getting into a weird area here... (Monica and Rachel's door opens and Rachel and Paolo emerge)	neither
Rachel: Hey.	neither
Ross: Hey.	neither
Rachel: What're you guys doing out here?	neither
Ross: Well, not playing raquetball!	neither
Joey: He forgot to leave his grip size!	neither
Ross: He didn't get the goggles!	neither
Rachel: Well,sounds like you two have issues. (She and Paolo walk a little way down the hall)	neither
Rachel: Goodbye, baby.	neither
Paolo: Ciao, bela. (They kiss. Ross is watching them)	neither
Ross: Do they wait for me to do this? (Joey and Ross go into Monica and Rachel's apartment)	yes
Joey: So are you gonna tell him?	neither
Ross: Why would I tell him?	neither
Joey: How about 'cause if you don't, his mother might.	neither
Ross: Oh...	neither
Monica: (Entering) What are you guys doing here?	neither
Joey: Uhhhh.... he's not even wearing a jockstrap!	yes
Monica: ...What did I ask?	neither
[Scene: Hospital. Phoebe is there stroking Coma Guy's hair, when Monica enters with a bunch of balloons.]	0
Monica: Hi.	neither
Phoebe: Hi.	neither
Monica: What are you doing here?	neither
Phoebe: Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?	neither
Monica: I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?	neither
Phoebe: No. (Monica brushes Coma Guy's hair in the other direction) No! No! ...So, um, do you think he's doing any better than he was this morning?	neither
Monica: How would I know? I-I wasn't here.	neither
Phoebe: Really? Not even to, um, change his PAJAMAS?! (Whips back the sheet to reveal him wearing new pajamas.)	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross is talking to Chandler. Joey is making a snack at the bar.]	0
Chandler: Oh my God.	neither
Ross: You're my friend. I-I had to tell you.	neither
Chandler: I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?	neither
Ross: Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh... (He has caught sight of Joey scowling at him) I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.	neither
Chandler: What?	neither
Ross: I was really upset about Rachel and Paolo, and I think I had too much tequila, and Nora- um, Mrs. Mom- your Bing- was just being nice, y'know, and- But nothing happened, nothing- Ask Joey, Joey, uh, came in-	neither
Chandler: (To Joey) You knew about this?	neither
Joey: Uh... y'know, knowledge is a tricky thing.	yes
Chandler: I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?!	neither
Joey: Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.	neither
Ross: Thanks, man, big help.	yes
Chandler: (To Ross) I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?	neither
Ross: I wasn't- I mean, I-	neither
Chandler: Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.	neither
Ross: I know-	neither
Chandler: I can't believe you did this. (Walks toward the door)	neither
Ross: Chandler-	neither
Joey: Me neither, y'know what-	neither
Chandler: I'm still mad at you for not telling me.	neither
Joey: What are you mad at me for?!	neither
Ross: Chandler-	neither
Chandler: You gotta let me slam the door! (Leaves; slams the door)	neither
Joey: (Shouting after him) Chandler, I didn't kiss her, he did! (To Ross) See what happens when you break the code?	neither
Ross: Joey-	neither
Joey: Ah! (Points to door) Huh? (Leaves and slams the door)	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there except for Chandler.&nbsp; Rachel is writing something and Monica walks up.]	0
Monica: Hey.	neither
Rachel: Hey.	neither
Monica: (Reading) 'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'.	neither
Rachel: Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be liberated from its denim prison'?	neither
Monica: (Reads) Yeah, I'd say so. And there's no 'j' in 'engorged'.	neither
Phoebe: (Walks up with her guitar) Hey Rach.	neither
Rachel: Hey.	neither
Phoebe: Hello.	neither
Monica: Hello.	neither
Phoebe: Going to the hospital tonight?	neither
Monica: No, you?	neither
Phoebe: No, you?	neither
Monica: You just asked me.	neither
Phoebe: Okay, maybe it was a trick question. (Plays a few chords) Um, Rachel can we do this now?	neither
Rachel: Okay. (Writes a little more) I am so hot!	neither
Joey: (To Ross, on the couch) Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a knockout.	neither
Ross: I cannot believe we're having this conversation.	neither
Joey: C'mon! Just try to picture her not pregnant, that's all.	neither
Rachel: (Into microphone) Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.	neither
Phoebe: Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. (Monica gives her a look) 'Kay. (Sung:) You don't have to be awake to be my man, As long as you have brainwaves I'll be there to hold your hand. Though we just met the other day, There's something I have got to say... (She sees Monica sneaking out) Okay, thank you very much, I'm gonna take a short break! (Runs out, knocking over the mike stand)	neither
Rachel: (Into mike) Okay, that was Phoebe Buffay, everybody. Woo! (Enter Chandler)	neither
Chandler: What was that?	neither
Ross: Oh, uh, Phoebe just started a...	neither
Chandler: Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser? (Goes to the counter)	yes
Joey: (Laughing) Mother-Kisser... (Sees Ross's look) I'll shut up.	neither
Ross: Chandler, can I just say something? I-I know you're still mad at me, I just wanna say that there were two people there that night. Okay? Two sets of lips.	neither
Chandler: Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.	yes
Ross: Okay, well, if she always behaves like this, why don't you say something?	neither
Chandler: Because it's complicated, it's complex- Hey, you kissed my mom! (People turn to look)	neither
Ross: (To the rest of Central Perk) We're rehearsing a Greek play.	yes
Chandler: That's very funny. We done now?	yes
Ross: No! Okay, you mean, you're not gonna talk to her, you're not gonna tell her how you feel?	neither
Chandler: That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.	yes
Ross: Okay, 'you' can't, or (Points to Chandler) you can't? (Chandler grabs his finger) Okay, that's my finger. (Chandler twists it and Ross goes down on one knee) That's, that's my knee. (To Central Perk) Still doing the play. Aaah!	yes
[Scene: The Coma Guy's Room, Monica bursts in, closely followed by Phoebe. There is no sign of Coma Guy.&nbsp; His bed is empty.]	0
Phoebe: Alright, whadyou do with him? (There is the sound of a flushing toilet and Coma Guy emerges from the bathroom)	neither
Monica: Oh! You're awake!	neither
Phoebe: Look at you! How, how do you feel? Coma Guy: Uh, a little woozy, but basically okay.	neither
Monica: You look good! Coma Guy: I feel good! ...Who are you?	neither
Monica: Oh, sorry.	neither
Phoebe: I'm Phoebe Buffay.	neither
Monica: I'm Monica Geller. I've been taking care of you.	neither
Phoebe: Well, we both have. Coma Guy: So, the Etch-a-Sketch is from you guys?	neither
Phoebe: Well, actually it's just from me.	neither
Monica: I got you the foot massager.	neither
Phoebe: You know who shaved you? That was me.	neither
Monica: I read to you.	neither
Phoebe: I sang. (To Monica) Hah! Coma Guy: Well,... thanks.	neither
Monica: Oh, my pleasure.	neither
Phoebe: You're welcome. Coma Guy: So. I guess I'll see you around.	neither
Phoebe: What, that's it?	neither
Monica: &quot;See you around?&quot; Coma Guy: Well, what do you want me to say?	neither
Monica: Oh, I don't know. Maybe, um, &quot;That was nice?&quot; Admit something to me? &quot;I'll call you?&quot; Coma Guy: Alright, I'll call you.	neither
Phoebe: I don't think you mean that.	neither
Monica: This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and &quot;See you around!&quot; Let's go, Phoebe.	neither
Phoebe: Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.	yes
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's Chandler is talking with his mom.] Mrs. Bing: Car's waiting downstairs, I just wanted to drop off these copies of my book for your friends. Anything you want from Lisbon?	neither
Chandler: No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough. Mrs. Bing: Alright, well, be good, I love you. (Kisses him and goes to leave)	yes
Chandler: You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect. Mrs. Bing: (Reentering) O-kay. Look, it, it was stupid.	neither
Chandler: Really stupid. Mrs. Bing: Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?	neither
Chandler: Yeah. No. No... [Cut to the hallway, Joey is listening to Chandler and his mom's conversation through the door as Ross walks up.]	neither
Ross: Ah, the forbidden love of a man and his door.	yes
Joey: Shh. He did it. He told her off, and not just about the kiss, about everything.	neither
Ross: You're kidding.	neither
Joey: No, no. He said &quot;When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?&quot;	neither
Ross: Wow!	neither
Joey: Then she came back with &quot;The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?&quot;	neither
Ross: 'Kay, wait a minute, are you sure she didn't say &quot;When are you gonna grow up and realise I am your mom?&quot;	neither
Joey: That makes more sense.	neither
Ross: So, what's going on now?	neither
Joey: I dunno, I've been standing here spelling it out for you! (Goes back to the door) I don't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, wait. (Looks through the spyhole)	neither
Ross: Whaddya see?	neither
Joey: Hard to tell, they're so tiny and upside-down. Wait, wait. They're walking away... they're walking away... No, no they're not, they're coming right at us! Run! Run! (Joey runs off down the hall. Ross tries Monica and Rachel's apartment, but it is locked so he has to stand in the hall and pretend he wasn't listening. Chandler and his mom come out) Mrs. Bing: You okay, kiddo?	neither
Chandler: Yeah, okay. Mrs. Bing: Alright. (Kisses him)	neither
Chandler: Nice save. (She walks down the hall)	neither
Ross: (Very politely) Mrs. Bing. Mrs. Bing: Mr. Geller. (She leaves) (Ross knocks on Monica and Rachel's door)	neither
Chandler: Hey.	neither
Ross: You mean that?	neither
Chandler: Yeah, why not. (They shake hands) So I told her.	neither
Ross: Yeah? How'd it go?	neither
Chandler: Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse.	neither
Ross: Well, howdya feel?	neither
Chandler: Pretty good! I told her.	neither
Ross: Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? (Wags his finger at Chandler, then puts it down) But.. we don't have to go down that road. Closing Credits	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is handing out copies of her book to the gang.]	0
Rachel: Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.	yes
Monica: What's a 'niffle'?	neither
Joey: You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.	yes
Rachel: Alright, alright, so I'm not a great typist...	neither
Ross: Wait, did you get to the part about his 'huge throbbing pens'? Tell ya, you don't wanna be around when he starts writing with those!	yes
Rachel: Alright, that's it! Give it back! That's it!	neither
All: Nooo! End	neither
The One With the Dozen Lasagnas Written by: Jeffrey Astrof, Mike Sikowitz, Adam Chase &amp; Ira Ungerleider Transcribed by: Jim &amp; Tracy Lambers With Minor Adjustments by: Dan Silverstein	0
[Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there. Ross working on crossword puzzle, starts humming theme from The Odd Couple. Chandler joins in, followed by Monica and Phoebe, then the whole gang. Ross starts humming theme from I Dream Of Jeannie.]	0
Chandler: No-no-no-no, we're done. Opening Credits	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is on the phone in the kitchen.]	0
Monica: Aunt Syl, stop yelling! All I'm saying is that if you had told me vegetarian lasagna, I would have made vegetarian lasagna. (pauses, listens to person on phone) Well, the meat's only every third layer, maybe you could scrape. (Camera moves to Chandler, Phoebe, Ross, and Joey sitting in living room)	neither
Joey: Ross, did you really read all these baby books?	neither
Ross: Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that! (snaps fingers)	neither
Phoebe: Ooh, this is cool...it says in some parts of the world, people actually eat the placenta. (Joey grimaces)	neither
Chandler: And, we're done with the yogurt. (Sets yogurt down on table)	yes
Phoebe: (softly) Sorry. (Camera pans back to Monica, still on phone)	neither
Monica: Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? (listens to Aunt Syl on phone, looks shocked) Nice talk, Aunt Syl. (in New York accent) You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth? (Camera pans back to group in living room)	yes
Joey: Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big? (measures about 2 inches with his thumb and index finger) This is your baby. (in baby-like voice) Hi Daddy!	neither
Ross: (waves) Hello!	neither
Joey: (in baby-like voice) How come you don't live with Mommy? (pause; shows Ross less than amused) How come Mommy lives with that other lady? (pause; Ross still looks less than amused; Joey smiling) What's a lesbian? (playfully hits Ross) (Rachel enters with Paolo, speaking Italian. Ross looks annoyed)	yes
Rachel: Honey, you can say it, Poconos, Poconos, it's like Poc-o-nos (touching Paolo's nose with forefinger with each syllable)	neither
Paolo: Ah, poke (Paolo touches Rachel's nose) a (touches nose again) nose, mmm (they rub noses, then kisses her) Joey, Chandler, and Ross: (sitting in living room, imitating Paolo) Mma, Mma, Mmaah (Camera pans to Rachel, Monica, and Phoebe in the kitchen)	neither
Monica: So, did I hear Poconos?	neither
Rachel: Yes, my sister's giving us her place for the weekend.	neither
Phoebe: Woo-hoo, first weekend away together!	happy
Monica: Yeah, that's a big step.	happy
Rachel: I know... (Camera pans to Ross, looking dejected)	neither
Chandler: (to Ross) Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal!	neither
Ross: Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be...(makes flinging motions with hands) flung by now? (Camera pans back to Rachel)	yes
Rachel: I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally... (Camera pans to Ross, holding his stomach)	neither
Ross: ...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? (pauses, looks suddenly inspired) I could call immigration!	yes
[Scene: The Hallway, Chandler and Joey leaving girls' apartment, carrying lasagna.]	0
Joey: I love babies, with their little baby shoes, and their little baby toes, and their little baby hands...	neither
Chandler: Ok, you're going to have to stop that, forever! (Joey opens door, throws keys on kitchen table, table falls over)	neither
Joey: Need a new table.	neither
Chandler: You think?	neither
[Scene: Carol and Susan's, there's a knock on the door and Carol answers it to Ross.]	0
Carol: Hey hey, come on in! (Ross enters, carrying lasagna)	neither
Ross: Hey, hello! mmwa! (kisses Carol) I brought all the books, and Monica sends her love, along with this lasagna.	neither
Carol: Oh great! Is it vegetarian, 'cause Susan doesn't eat meat.	neither
Ross: (pauses) I'm pretty sure that it is...	neither
Carol: So, I got the results of the amnio today.	neither
Ross: (making flinging gestures with hands) Oh, tell me, tell me, is everything, uhh....?	neither
Carol: Totally and completely healthy!	happy
Ross: Oh, that's great, that is great! (Hugs and kisses Carol. Then picks up a picture frame)	happy
Ross: Hey, when did you and Susan meet Huey Lewis?	neither
Carol: Uh, that's our friend Tanya.	neither
Ross: (surprised, chuckling nervously) Of course it's your friend Tanya. (looks up frightenedly)	neither
Carol: Don't you want to know about the sex?	neither
Ross: (chuckles nervously) The sex? (chuckles) Um, I'm having enough trouble with the image of you and Susan together, when you throw in Tanya (miming washing hair, that's the best I could think of), yaw...	yes
Carol: The sex of the baby, Ross.	neither
Ross: Oh, you know the sex of the baby? Oh, oh-oh-oh!	neither
Carol: Do you want to know?	neither
Ross: No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to know, absolutely not. I think, you know, I think you should know until you look down there, and say, oop, there it is! (pauses) Or isn't... (Susan enters)	neither
Susan: Oh, hello Ross!	neither
Ross: Susan...	neither
Susan: So, so, did you hear?	neither
Ross: Yes, we did, everything's A-OK!	neither
Susan: Oh, that's so... (Susan hugs Carol, they giggle, Ross steps away) It really is...do we know...?	neither
Carol: Yes, we certainly do, it's going to be...	neither
Ross: (flailing arms in protest) Oh, hey hey hey, ho ho ho, hello, guy who doesn't want to know, standing right here!	neither
Susan: Oh, well, is it what we thought it would be?	neither
Carol: Mm-hmmm (Susan and Carol hug, giggling. Ross stands back, reaches out and lightly taps Susan's shoulder)	neither
Ross: Ok, what, what...ok, what did we think it was going to be? Carol and Susan: It's a...	neither
Ross: (interrupts) No, no, no I don't want to know, don't want to know. Ok, you know, I should probably, I should probably just go.	neither
Carol: Well, thanks for the books.	neither
Ross: No problem, ok, mmmwa (kisses Carol) oh, mmmwa (kisses Carol's stomach, then punches Susan's shoulder) Susan... (Ross leaves.)	neither
Susan: All right, who should we call first, your folks, or Deb and Rona? (intercom buzzer rings)	neither
Carol: Hello?	neither
Ross: (on intercom) Uh, never mind, I don't want to know. (Carol and Susan laugh)	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's,&nbsp; Joey and Chandler use their knees as a table to support the lasagna.]	0
Chandler: Ok, so it's just because it was my table, I have to buy a new one?	neither
Joey: That's the rule.	neither
Chandler: What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!	neither
Joey: How'd you get to that?	neither
Chandler: Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio	neither
Joey: You knew about that?	neither
Chandler: Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.	yes
Joey: Ok, ok, How about if we split it?	neither
Chandler: What do you mean, like, buy it together?	neither
Joey: Yeah	neither
Chandler: You think we're ready for something like that?	neither
Joey: Why not?	neither
Chandler: Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?	neither
Joey: Why, are you moving out?	neither
Chandler: I'm not moving out.	neither
Joey: You'd tell me if you were moving out right	neither
Chandler: Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip...	neither
Joey: Aw, I know all about Kip!	neither
Chandler: It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly.	neither
Joey: Well, let me ask you something, was Kip a better roommate than me?	neither
Chandler: Aw, don't do that	neither
[Scene: Phoebe's Massage Parlor, Phoebe's assistant is telling her about the changes to her schedule.] Phoebe's Assistant: We've got a couple changes in your schedule. Your	neither
4:00 herbal massage has been pushed back to 4:30 and Miss Somerfield canceled her 5:30 shiatsu.	neither
Phoebe: Ok, thanks. (assistant leaves, then walks back in) Phoebe's Assistant: Oh, here comes your 3:00. I don't mean to sound unprofessional, but, yum (walks out, Paolo enters)	neither
Paolo: Buon Giorno, Bella Phoebe!	neither
Phoebe: Oh, Paolo, hi, what are you doing here?	neither
Paolo: Uh, Racquela tell me you massage, eh?	neither
Phoebe: Well, Racquela's right, yeah! (Paolo speaks Italian)	neither
Phoebe: Oh, okay, I don't know what you just said, so let's get started.	neither
Paolo: Uh, I am, uh, being naked?	neither
Phoebe: Um, that's really your decision, I mean, some people prefer, you know, to take off...oh whoops! You're being naked!	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, everyone but Phoebe is there.]	0
Rachel: (to Ross) I can't believe you don't want to know. I mean, I couldn't not know, I mean, if, if the doctor knows, and Carol knows, and Susan knows....	neither
Monica: And Monica knows...	neither
Ross: Wha, heh, how could you know, I don't even know!	neither
Monica: Carol called me to thank me for the lasagna, I asked, she told me.	neither
Joey: So what's it gonna be? (Monica whispers in Joey's ear. Ross gets up and waves arms frantically in protest)	neither
Ross: Wait&#151;oh&#151;hey&#151;huh, oh great now he knows, and I don't know!	yes
Monica: I'm sorry, I'm just excited about being an aunt!	neither
Joey: Or an uncle... (Phoebe enters) Joey and Chandler: Hey Phoebe!	neither
Ross: Hi Pheebs!	neither
Rachel: Pheebs!	neither
Phoebe: Fine!	neither
Monica: Phoebe, what's the matter?	neither
Phoebe: Nothing, I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm out of sorts.	neither
Customer: Hey, can we get some cappuccino over here?	neither
Rachel: Oh, right, that's me!	neither
Joey: Hey, Chandler, that table place closes at 7, come on.	neither
Chandler: Fine. (Joey and Chandler walk towards the door)	neither
Monica: Phoebe, what is it?	neither
Phoebe: All right, you know Paolo?	neither
Ross: I'm familiar with his work, yes...	neither
Phoebe: Well, he made a move on me. (Joey and Chandler come back)	neither
Joey: Whoa, store will be open tomorrow!	neither
Chandler: More coffee over here, please! Commercial Break	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier.]	0
Monica: Well, what happened?	neither
Phoebe: Well, he came in for a massage, and everything was fine until. (A flashback starts Paolo, lying on massage table, moving his hands up Phoebe's legs.) [Cut back to Central Perk.] Joey and Chandler:&nbsp; Ooooohh!	neither
Ross: My God.	neither
Monica: Are you sure? (The flashback resumes with Paolo grabbing her butt.) [Cut back to Central Perk.]	neither
Phoebe: Oh yeah, I'm sure. (Flashback resumes with Phoebe doing a voiceover.) And all of a sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore. (Flashback continues: Paolo rolls over, Phoebe looks down, then quickly looks up, bites lip, shakes her head)	neither
Monica: Was it...?	neither
Phoebe: Oh, boy scouts could have camped under there.	?
Guys: Oooooo.... (Rachel runs over)	neither
Rachel: &quot;Ooo,&quot; what?	neither
Phoebe: Uma Thurman.	?
Monica: Oh!	neither
Ross: The actress! (all talking indistinctly, high-fiving)	neither
Ross: Thanks Rach. (Rachel walks away)	neither
Chandler: So what are you gonna do?	neither
Ross: You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys? (waiting for guys to chime in)	neither
Chandler: Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.	neither
Joey: Feminist issue. That's where I went!	neither
Phoebe: She is gonna hate me.	neither
Ross:(sympathetic yet...) Yeah, well...	neither
[Scene: The Table Store, Joey and Chandler and looking for their new table.]	0
Joey: Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one? (points to a table)	neither
Chandler: That's patio furniture!	neither
Joey: So what, like people are gonna come in and think, &quot;Uh-oh, I'm outside again?&quot; Of course!	neither
Chandler: (gesturing towards another table) What about the birds?	neither
Joey: I don't know, birds just don't say, &quot;Hello, sit here, eat something.&quot;	yes
Chandler: You pick one.	neither
Joey: All right, how about the ladybugs?	neither
Chandler: Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!	yes
Joey: Fine, you want to get the birds, get the birds!	neither
Chandler: Not like that, I won't! (pauses) Kip would have liked the birds! (Joey turns and gives Chandler a dirty look)	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel folding and packing clothes in suitcases as Phoebe enters.]	0
Phoebe: Hey!	neither
Rachel: Hi Pheebs!	neither
Phoebe: Are you moving out?	neither
Rachel: No, these aren't all my suitcases. (picks up small blue suitcase and shows to Phoebe) This one's Paolo's.	neither
Phoebe: Um, um, Rachel can we talk for a sec?	neither
Rachel: Well, sure...just a sec, though, 'cause Paolo's on his way over.	neither
Phoebe: Oh! (sits down) Ok, um, ok, um,	neither
Rachel: Oh, Pheebs, Pheebs...	neither
Phoebe: Ok, um, (clears throat) we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world. (Phoebe opens a tin and offers Rachel a cookie)	neither
Rachel: (taking cookie) Ok, thanks Pheebs (takes bite of cookie, overwhelmed) Oh my God, why have I never tasted these before?!	happy
Phoebe: Oh, I don't make them a lot because I don't think it's fair to the other cookies	neither
Rachel: All right, well, you're right, these are the best oatmeal cookies I've ever had.	neither
Phoebe: Which proves that I never lie.	neither
Rachel: I guess you don't.	neither
Phoebe: Paolo made a pass at me. (Rachel looks stunned)	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross, Chandler, Joey, and Monica admiring their new table.]	0
Chandler: So, what do you think?	neither
Ross: I think It's the most beautiful table I've ever seen.	neither
Chandler: I know! (The camera pans back to reveal Joey and Chandler's new foosball table.)	happy
Monica: So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?	yes
Joey: Who cares, we'll eat at the sink! Come on, let's play!	yes
Monica: Heads up Ross! (Monica scores on Chandler and Joey) Score! (points at Chandler) You suck! (Chandler looks at Joey in amazement)	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is recovering from the shock.]	0
Phoebe: Are you okay?	neither
Rachel: I need some milk.	neither
Phoebe: Ok, I've got milk (takes thermos from her bag and starts to pour a cup) Here you go... (Rachel drinks straight from thermos) Oh!(Rachel finishes thermos) Better?	neither
Rachel: No...oh, I feel so stupid! Oh, I think about the other day with you guys and I was all &quot;Oh, Paolo, he's so great, he makes me feel so...&quot; Oh, God, I'm so embarrassed!	neither
Phoebe: I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on! (Phoebe's and Rachel's lines overlap)	neither
Rachel: Pheebs, if I had never met him this never would have happened! Rachel and Phoebe: I'm so sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry!	sad
Phoebe: No, wait, oh, what are we sorry about?	neither
Rachel: I don't know...right, he's the pig!	neither
Phoebe: Such a pig!	neither
Rachel: Oh, God, he's such a pig,	neither
Phoebe: Oh he's like a...	neither
Rachel: He's like a big disgusting...	neither
Phoebe: ...like a...	neither
Rachel: ...pig...pig man!	neither
Phoebe: Yes, good! Ok...	neither
Rachel: (voice wavers) Oh, but he was my pig man...how did I not see this?	neither
Phoebe: (raises hand) Oh! I know! (Rachel startled) It's because... he's gorgeous, and he's charming, and when he looks at you...	neither
Rachel: Ok, Ok, Pheebs...	neither
Phoebe: The end.	neither
Rachel: Oh, God...	neither
Phoebe: Should I not have told you?	neither
Rachel: No, no, trust, me, it's, it's, it's much better that I know. Uh, I just liked it better before it was better... (Phoebe scoots her chair over to Rachel and hugs her)	?
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Phoebe is telling everyone how it went across the hall as the foosball game continues.]	0
Phoebe: I think she took it pretty well. You know Paolo's over there right now, so...	neither
Monica: We should get over there and see if she's okay. (switching places with Ross) Just one...second! Score! (Monica scores, high-fives with Ross) Game! Come on. (Monica and Phoebe leave)	neither
Ross: (wiping his brow) Ah...ooh! Well, looks like, uh, we kicked your butts.	neither
Joey: No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.	?
Ross: Come on, two on one.	neither
Chandler: What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!	neither
Ross: What, now?	neither
Joey: Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!	neither
Chandler: My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross! (Ross and Chandler look off into the distance. Joey, wondering what they are looking at, looks in the same direction)	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's Balcony, Rachel is throwing Paolo's clothes over the side.]	0
Paolo: No, that's cold, that's cold, that's... [Cut to inside the apartment.]	neither
Ross: (entering) How's it going?	neither
Monica: Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, (shows Rachel gesturing with hands in front of her chest), Ok, that is either, &quot;How could you?&quot; or, &quot;Enormous breasts!&quot; Here he comes!	yes
Phoebe: Ooh! (Paolo enters. Ross, Phoebe, and Monica scatter)	neither
Paolo: Uh, I am, uh, to say good-bye.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, ok bye-bye.	neither
Monica: Paolo, I really hate you for what you did to Rachel, (hands him a lasagna) but I still have five of these, so heat it at 375 until the cheese bubbles.	neither
Paolo: Grazie.	neither
Ross: Paolo, I-I just want to tell you and I think I speak for everyone when I say... (shuts door in his face and walks away)	neither
Phoebe: Oh, just look at her... (girls move toward Rachel on the balcony)	neither
Ross: Oh you guys, I-I really think just one of us should go out there so she's not overwhelmed...	neither
Monica: Oh, you're right.	neither
Ross: (pulls Monica back) ...and I really think it should be me. [Cut to the balcony, Ross has just climbed through the window.]	neither
Ross: Hey.	neither
Rachel: Hey.	neither
Ross: You all right?	neither
Rachel: Ooh, I've been better...	neither
Ross: Come here. (he hugs Rachel) Listen, you deserve so much better than him...you know, I mean, you, you, you should be with a guy who knows what he has when he has you.	neither
Rachel: Oh, Ross...	neither
Ross: What?	neither
Rachel: I am so sick of guys. I don't want to look at another guy, I don't want to think about another guy, I don't even want to be near another guy. (Ross crosses arms)	neither
Ross: Huh.	neither
Rachel: Oh Ross, you're so great!	neither
Ross: Ohhhh (Hugs her and sighs) [Cut to inside the apartment, Rachel and Ross are entering.]	neither
Monica: Ooh...hey honey, are you all right?	neither
Rachel: Oh...	neither
Phoebe: You ok?	neither
Rachel: ...medium...hmm...any cookies left?	neither
Phoebe: Yep!	neither
Ross: See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.	neither
Rachel: No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want	neither
Ross: Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.	neither
Rachel: No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one.	neither
Ross: (astonished) What?	neither
Rachel: What?	neither
Ross: I-I'm, I'm having a boy?	neither
Rachel: Uh...no. No, no, in fact, you're not having a boy.	neither
Ross: Wha-I'm having, I'm having a boy! (babbling) Huh, am I having a boy?	neither
Girls: Yes, you're having a boy! (Monica runs over and hugs Ross)	neither
Ross: I'm having a boy! Oh, I'm having a boy! (Joey and Chandler run in)	happy
Chandler: Wha-	neither
Joey: Wha- Joey and Chandler: What is it?	neither
Ross: I'm having a boy! I-I'm having a boy!	happy
Joey: Hey!	happy
Chandler: Hey! Joey and Chandler: We already knew that! (they hug)	happy
Ross: I'm having a son. Um... (Ross looks scared) Closing Credits	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Monica is busy killing Chandle and Joey at foosball.]	0
Monica: Yes! And that would be a shut-down! Joey and Chandler: Shut-out!! (They both start heading for their rooms.)	neither
Monica: Where are you guys going? Come on, one more game!	neither
Joey: Uh, it's 2:30 in the morning!	neither
Chandler: Yeah, get out!	neither
Monica: You guys are always hanging out in my apartment! Come on, I'll only use my left hand, huh? Come on, wussies! (Joey and Chandler pick her up) All right, ok, I gotta go. I'm going, (they throw her out) and I'm gone.	neither
Chandler: (to Joey) One more game?	neither
Joey: Oh yeah! End	neither
The One With the Boobies Written by: Alexa Junge Transcribed by: guineapig	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler walks in and starts raiding the fridge. Then Rachel comes out of the shower with a towel wrapped round her waist, drying herself with another towel. Chandler and Rachel startle each other and she drops the towel for a second and snatches the rug off the couch.]	0
Rachel: That is it! You just barge in here, you don't knock	neither
Chandler: I'm sorry!	neither
Rachel: You have no respect for anybody's privacy!	neither
Chandler: Rachel, wait, wait.	neither
Rachel: No, you wait! This is ridiculous!	neither
Chandler: Can I just say one thing?	neither
Rachel: What? What?!	neither
Chandler: That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.	neither
Rachel: Oh!! (She storms off) Opening Credits	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there with her boyfriend Roger, talking to Rachel and Monica.]	0
Phoebe: Oh, honey, honey, tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are, like, other things. Y'know? Like, the phone rings and she takes a shower.	neither
Roger: That's pretty much it.	yes
Phoebe: Oops!	neither
Roger: But you tell it really well, sweetie.	neither
Phoebe: Thanks. Okay, now go away so we can talk about you.	neither
Roger: Okay. I'll miss you.	neither
Phoebe: Isn't he great?	neither
Rachel: He's so cute! And he seems to like you so much.	neither
Phoebe: I know, I know. So sweet... and so complicated. And for a shrink, he's not too shrinky, y'know?	yes
Monica: So, you think you'll do it on his couch?	neither
Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know. I think that's a little weird, y'know? Vinyl.	neither
Rachel: Okaaay. (To the guys, on the couch) Any of you guys want anything else?	neither
Chandler: Oh, yes, could I have one of those. (Points)	neither
Rachel: No, I'm sorry, we're all out of those. Anybody else?	neither
Chandler: Okay.	neither
Roger: Did I, uh, did I miss something?	neither
Chandler: No, she's still upset because I saw her boobies.	neither
Ross: You what? Wh what were you doing seeing her boobies?	neither
Chandler: It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.	yes
Rachel: Okay, okay, could we change the subject, please?	neither
Phoebe: Yeah, 'cause hello, these are not her boobies, these are her breasts.	neither
Rachel: Okay, Pheebs, I was hoping for more of a change.	neither
Chandler: Y'know, I don't know why you're so embarrassed, they were very nice boobies.	neither
Rachel: Nice? They were nice. I mean, that's it? I mean, mittens are nice.	yes
Chandler: Okaaay, (Gestures) rock, hard place, me.	neither
Roger: You're so funny! He's really funny! I wouldn't wanna be there when when the laughter stops.	yes
Chandler: Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?	yes
Roger: Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.	yes
Chandler: Huh.	neither
Roger: I mean hey! I just met you, I don't know you from Adam. ...Only child, right? Parents divorced before you hit puberty.	neither
Chandler: Uhhuh, how did you know that?	neither
Roger: It's textbook. (Joey enters with his dad)	neither
Joey: Hey you guys. Hey, you all know my dad, right?	neither
All: Hey! Hey, Mr. Trib!	neither
Monica: Hey, how long are you in the city? Mr. Tribbiani: Just for a coupla days. I got a job midtown. I figure I'm better off staying with the kid than hauling my ass back and forth on the ferry. (Sees Roger) I don't know this one.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, this is my friend Roger.	neither
Roger: Hi. Mr. Tribbiani: Hey, hey. Good to meet you, Roger.	neither
Roger: You too, sir. Mr. Tribbiani: (To Phoebe) What happened to the, uh, puppet guy?	neither
Joey: Dad, dad. (Shakes his head) Mr. Tribbiani: Oh, 'scuse me. So Ross, uh, how's the wife? (Ross whines and lays his head on Chandler's shoulder) Off there too, uh? Uh, Chandler, quick, say something funny! (Chandler stays stonefaced)	yes
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Mr. Tribbiani is on the phone.] Mr. Tribbiani: Gotta go. I miss you too, I love you, but it's getting real late now	neither
Joey: (Snatches the phone) Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me? (To his dad) Did you know this isn't Ma? (His dad nods. Cut to later. Joey is chopping mushrooms) Mr. Tribbiani: Her name's Ronni. She's a pet mortician.	neither
Joey: Sure. So how long you been... (Goes back to chopping) Mr. Tribbiani: Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?	neither
Joey: Since then?! Mr. Tribbiani: No, it's only been six years. I just wanted to put a nice memory in your head so you'd know that I wasn't always such a terrible guy. ...Joe. Y'ever been in love?	neither
Joey: ...I d'know. Mr. Tribbiani: Then y'haven't. You're burning your tomatoes.	neither
Joey: You're one to talk. (Puts the mushrooms in a saucepan) Mr. Tribbiani: Joe, your dad's in love big time. And the worst part of it is, it's with two different women.	neither
Joey: Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma. Mr. Tribbiani: Of course, course one of 'em's Ma. What's the matter with you.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey is lamenting to everyone about hid dad's affair.]	0
Joey: It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. (Considers) That'd be cool.... This blows!	neither
Rachel: I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? (She walks over near Chandler and his gaze stays very obviously on her chest) Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... (Notices Chandler) Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?	neither
Chandler: (Without looking up) What? (Looks up) What?	neither
Rachel: Did you not get a good enough look the other day?	neither
Ross: Alright, alright. We're all adults here, there's only one way to resolve this. Since you saw her boobies, I think, uh, you're gonna have to show her your peepee.	neither
Chandler: Y'know, I don't see that happening?	neither
Rachel: C'mon, he's right. Tit for tat.	yes
Chandler: Well I'm not showing you my 'tat.' (Door buzzer goes)	neither
Monica: Hello?	neither
Phoebe: (Intercom) It's Phoebe.	neither
Roger: (Intercom) And Rog.	neither
Monica: C'mon up.	neither
Chandler: (Sarcastic) Oh, good. Rog is here.	yes
Joey: What's the matter with Rog?	neither
Ross: Yeah.	neither
Chandler: Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.	yes
Ross: What, so he was a little analytical. That's what he does, y'know? C'mon, he's not that bad. (Cut to Chandler, Ross and Roger sitting at the table. Ross is upset)	neither
Ross: Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level thatthat she was a lesbian?	neither
Roger: I dunno. Maybe you wanted your marriage to fail.	yes
Ross: Why? Why would I why? Why? Why? Why?	neither
Roger: I don't know. Maybe maybe low self-esteem, maybe maybe to compensate for overshadowing a sibling, maybe you...	neither
Monica: Wait-wait, go back to that sibling thing.	neither
Roger: Well, I don't know. I mean, it's conceivable that you wanted to sabotage your marriage so that the sibling would feel less of a failure in the eyes of the parents.	neither
Ross: That that's ridiculous! I don't feel guilty for her failures!	neither
Monica: Oh! So you think I'm a failure!	neither
Phoebe: Isn't he good?	neither
Ross: Nonono, thatthat's not what I was saying...	neither
Monica: Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!	neither
Ross: Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good! (Cut to later. Rachel is in tears)	yes
Rachel: You're right! I mean you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in.	neither
Roger: That's tough. Tough stuff. C'mon, Pheebs, we're gonna catch that movie, we gotta get going.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, okay. Feel better, Rachel, 'kay?	neither
Roger: Geez, we're gonna be late, sweetie...	neither
Phoebe: Oh, okay. Listen, thanks for everything, Mon.	neither
Monica: You're welcome.	neither
Roger: Listen guys, it was great seeing you again. Mon, um, easy on those cookies, okay? Remember, they're just food, they're not love. (He shuts the door and Ross and Monica fling cookies at it)	yes
Monica: Hate that guy! (Throws another cookie)	neither
[Scene: The Hallway, Chandler and Joey are just leaving Monica and Rachel's.]	0
Joey: Night, you guys. (They notice that a woman is sitting by their door)	neither
Chandler: Oh look, it's the woman we ordered.	yes
Joey: Hey. Can, uh, can we help you?	neither
Ronni: Oh, no thanks, I'm just waiting for, uh, Joey Tribbiani.	neither
Joey: I'm Joey Tribbiani.	neither
Ronni: Oh no, not you, big Joey. Oh my God, you're so much cuter than your pictures! (Joey stares at her) I-I'm, I'm Ronni....Cheese Nip?	neither
Chandler: Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know? Commercial Break	yes
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ronni is talking to Chandler. Joey's dad is not around.]	0
Ronni: Now, y'see, most people, when their pets pass on, they want 'em sorta laid out like they're sleeping. But occasionally you get your person who wants them in a pose. Like, chasing their tail, (Demonstrates) or, uh, jumping to catch a frisbee.	neither
Chandler: Joey, if I go first, I wanna be looking for my keys.	neither
Ronni: That's a good one! (Joey's dad enters.) Mr. Tribbiani: Hey, Joe.	neither
Joey: Dad, Ronni's here. Mr. Tribbiani: Huh?	neither
Ronni: Hi. Mr. Tribbiani: Hey! Hello, babe! Wh what're what're you doing here?	neither
Ronni: Oh, uh, well, you left your good hair at my apartment, I figured you'd need it tomorrow for your meeting. (Hands him the hair) Mr. Tribbiani: Thank you. Uh...	neither
Chandler: So, who's up for a big game of Kerplunk?	neither
Ronni: Look, I uh, I shouldn'ta come. I-I'd better get going, I don't wanna miss the last train. Mr. Tribbiani: I don't want you taking that thing.	neither
Ronni: Oh, where'm I gonna stay, here?	neither
Joey: Who-ah-ho. Mr. Tribbiani: We'll go to a hotel.	neither
Ronni: (Shrugs) We'll go to a hotel.	neither
Joey: No you won't.	neither
Ronni: No we won't.	neither
Joey: If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you. Mr. Tribbiani: You're gonna keep an eye on us?	neither
Joey: That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.	neither
Ronni: Wow. He's strict.	neither
Joey: Now dad, you'll be in my room, Ronni uh, you can stay in Chandler's room.	neither
Ronni: Thanks. You're, uh, you're a good kid.	neither
Chandler: C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by &quot;No thanks, it's late.&quot;	yes
Joey: Okay. Now this is just for tonight. Starting tomorrow, you gotta make a change. This has gone on long enough. Mr. Tribbiani: What kinda change?	neither
Joey: Well, either you break it off with Ronni Mr. Tribbiani: I can't do that!	neither
Joey: Then you gotta come clean with Ma! This is not right! Mr. Tribbiani: Yeah, but this is	neither
Joey: I don't wanna hear it! Now go to my room!	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, night. Chandler and Joey are sharing the sofabed in the living room. Joey is restless.]	0
Chandler: Hey, Kicky. What're you doing?	neither
Joey: Just trying to get comfortable. I can't sleep in my underwear.	neither
Chandler: Well, you're gonna.	neither
Joey: I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...	neither
Chandler: Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?	yes
Joey: Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...	neither
Chandler: Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?	neither
Joey: No.	neither
Chandler: No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say &quot;No thanks, I'm married.&quot;	yes
Joey: You really think so?	neither
Chandler: Yeah. I really do.	neither
Joey: Thanks, Chandler. (Snuggles up to him)	neither
Chandler: Get off!	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, morning. Someone knocks on the door and Monica gets it.]	0
Ronni: Hi.	neither
Monica: Hi...May I help you?	neither
Ronni: Yeah, uh, Joey said I could use your shower, since, uh, Chandler's in ours?	neither
Monica: Okay...who are you?	neither
Ronni: Oh, I'm Ronni. Ronni Rappelano? The mistress?	neither
Monica: Oh, c'mon in.	neither
Ronni: Thanks.	neither
Rachel: Hi, I'm Rachel.	neither
Ronni: Hi.	neither
Rachel: Bathroom's up there.	neither
Ronni: Great.	neither
Rachel: Hey, listen, Ronni, how long would you say Chandler's been in the shower?	neither
Ronni: Oh, like, uh, five minutes?	neither
Rachel: Perfect. Fasten your seatbelts, it's peepee time. (She goes into Joey and Chandler's apartment, where Mr. Tribbiani is reading the paper) Hey, Mr. Trib. Mr. Tribbiani: Hey. Morning, dear. (Rachel goes up to the door of their bathroom)	neither
Rachel: Chandler Bing? It's time to see your thing. (She opens the door and whips back the curtain. It's Joey. They both scream)	neither
Joey: (Runs out in a towel) What's the matter with you?!	neither
Rachel: I thought it was Chandler!	neither
Chandler: (Comes out of his room) What? What?	neither
Rachel: You were supposed to be in there so I could see your thing!	neither
Chandler: Sorry, my my thing was in there with me.	yes
[Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there as Phoebe enters.]	0
All: Hey, Pheebs.	neither
Phoebe: Hey.	neither
Monica: How's it going?	neither
Phoebe: Good. Oh oh! Roger's having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys. (Chandler laughs)	neither
Phoebe: So what's going on?	neither
Monica: Nothing, um, it's just, um... It's Roger.	neither
Ross: I dunno, there's just something about...	neither
Chandler: Basically we just feel that he's...	neither
Rachel: We hate that guy.	neither
All: Yeah. Hate him.	neither
Ross: We're sorry, Pheebs, we're sorry.	neither
Phoebe: Uh-huh. Okay. Okay, don't you think, maybe, though, it's just that he's so perceptive that it freaks you out?	neither
All: ...No, we hate him.	neither
Rachel: We're sorry.	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment, Joey is trying to turn the sofabed back into a sofa. Someone knocks on the door and it rears up at him.]	0
Joey: Ma! What're you doing here? Mrs. Tribbiani: I came to give you this (Gives him a bag of groceries) and this. (Whacks him round the ear)	neither
Joey: Oww! Big ring! Mrs. Tribbiani: Why did you have to fill your father's head with all that garbage about making things right? Things were fine the way they were! There's chicken in there, put it away. For God's sake, Joey, really. (She gives the sofabed a tiny push and it folds away)	neither
Joey: Hold on, you-you knew? Mrs. Tribbiani: Of course I knew! What did you think? Your father is no James Bond. You should've heard some of his cover stories. &quot;I'm sleeping over at my accountant's,&quot; I mean, what is that? Please!	yes
Joey: So then how could you I mean, how could you?! Mrs. Tribbiani: Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.	yes
Joey: Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you? Mrs. Tribbiani: Me? I'm fine. Look, honey, in an ideal world, there'd be no her, and your father would look like Sting. And I'll tell you something else. Ever since that poodle-stuffer came along, he's been so ashamed of himself that he's been more attentive, he's been more loving... I mean, it's like every day's our anniversary.	yes
Joey: I'm...happy...for you? Mrs. Tribbiani: Well don't be, because now everything's screwed up. I just want it the way it was.	neither
Joey: Ma, I'm sorry. I just did what I thought you'd want. Mrs. Tribbiani: I know you did, cookie. Oh, I know you did. So tell me. Did you see her?	neither
Joey: Yeah. You're ten times prettier than she is. Mrs. Tribbiani: That's sweet. Could I take her?	neither
Joey: With this ring? (Her engagement ring.) No contest.	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe is there with Roger.]	0
Roger: What's wrong, sweetie?	neither
Phoebe: Nothing, nothing.	neither
Roger: Aaaah, what's wrong, c'mon. (Pats his leg. She lies down and rests her head in his lap)	neither
Phoebe: It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine. It's my friends. They-they have a liking problem with you. In that, um, they don't.	neither
Roger: Oh. They don't.	neither
Phoebe: But they don't see all the wonderfulness that I see. They don't see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff. They just think you're a little...	neither
Roger: What?	neither
Phoebe: Intense and creepy.	neither
Roger: Oh.	neither
Phoebe: But I don't. Me, Phoebe.	neither
Roger: Well, I'm not I'm not at all surprised they feel that way.	neither
Phoebe: You're not? See, that's why you're so great!	neither
Roger: Actually it's, it's quite, y'know, typical behaviour when you have this kind of dysfunctional group dynamic. Y'know, this kind of co-dependant, emotionally stunted, sitting in your stupid coffee house with your stupid big cups which, I'm sorry, might as well have nipples on them, and you're like all 'Oh, define me! Define me! Love me, I need love!'.	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Joey is letting everyone in on the new developments.]	0
Monica: So you talked to your dad, huh.	neither
Joey: Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.	neither
Rachel: Wow.	yes
Chandler: Things sure have changed here on Waltons mountain.	neither
Ross: So Joey, you okay?	neither
Joey: Yeah, I guess. It's just parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.	neither
Rachel: Just think, in a couple of years we get to turn into them.	neither
Chandler: If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom.	yes
Phoebe: (entering) Hey.	neither
All: Hey, Pheebs.	neither
Monica: How's it going?	neither
Phoebe: Oh, okay, except I broke up with Roger.	yes
All: Awww.	neither
Phoebe: Yeah, right.	neither
All: Aaawwwwww!!	neither
Rachel: What happened?	neither
Phoebe: I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy! Closing Credits	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's. Phoebe is reading the paper and Joey enters.]	0
Phoebe: Hey, Joey. What's going on?	neither
Joey: Clear the tracks for the boobie payback express. Next stop: Rachel Green. (He goes into the bathroom. We hear a scream and he comes out, closely followed by Monica in a towel)	neither
Monica: Joey!! What the hell were you doing?!	neither
Joey: Sorry. Wrong boobies. (He leaves. Cut to Monica entering Chandler and Joey's apartment. She sneaks up to the shower door)	neither
Monica: Hello, Joey. (She whips back the curtain to reveal Joey's dad) Mr. Tribbiani: Oh! ...Hello, dear. (She whips the curtain shut in horror) End	neither
The One With the Candy Hearts Written by: Bill Lawrence Transcribed by: Mindy Mattingly Phillips With Minor Adjustments by: Eric Aasen	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is eyeing a beautiful woman at the counter, and Joey and Chandler are egging him on to go talk to her. No pun intended. I mean it.]	0
Joey: I'm tellin' you Ross, she wants you.	neither
Ross: She barely knows me. We just live in the same building.	neither
Chandler: Any contact?	neither
Ross: She lent me an egg once.	neither
Joey: You're in!	neither
Ross: Aw, right.	neither
Woman: Hi, Ross.	neither
Ross: Hey. (stutters something incoherent)	neither
Chandler: Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbian&#151;I don't think we need a third...	yes
Joey: Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks.	neither
Ross: An egg?	neither
Joey: Yeah, you're gonna go up to her and say, &quot;Here's your egg back, I'm returning your egg.&quot;	neither
Chandler: I think it's winning.	neither
Ross: I think it's insane.	neither
Chandler: She'll love it. Go with the egg, my friend. (Ross walks over to the woman, egg in hand.)	neither
Joey: Think it'll work?	neither
Chandler: No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg. Opening Credits	yes
[Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Rachel, Phoebe, Joey, Chandler are there. Ross is still talking to the beautiful woman.]	0
Monica: You can not do this.	neither
Rachel: Do what, do what?	neither
Monica: Roger wants to take her out tomorrow night.	neither
Rachel: No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?	neither
Phoebe: 'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!	neither
Monica: But Phoebe, you can go out with a creepy guy any night of the year. I know I do.	neither
Rachel: Well, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?	neither
Joey: Actually, tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.	neither
Chandler: Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...	neither
Joey: No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.	neither
Chandler: Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...	neither
Joey: Pathetic mess? I know, but&#151;come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! (Rachel throws a roll at Joey. He picks it up and eats it.) Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.	neither
Ross: Hi. She said yes.	happy
Chandler: Yes! Way to go, man! (Chandler and Ross hug. Something crunches in Ross' shirt pocket.) Still got the egg, huh?	happy
[Scene: A Restaurant, Joey and Chandler are there, waiting for their dates to show up.]	0
Joey: (Looking at himself in the reflection on a knife) How do I look?	neither
Chandler: Oh, uh, I... don't... care. (Joey's date shows up) Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.	neither
Lorraine: Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice.	neither
Chandler: ...And what did you bring?	neither
Lorraine: She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.	neither
Chandler: Janice? (Lorraine leaves. Joey shakes his head as though to say, 'It can't be the same Janice.' Janice enters.)	neither
Janice: Oh.... my.... God.	neither
Chandler: (angrily) Hey, it's Janice.	neither
[Scene: The bathroom at the restaurant, Chandler and Joey are talking.]	0
Chandler: Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.	neither
Joey: No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.	neither
Chandler: Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!	neither
Joey: (at the urinal) Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.	neither
Chandler: I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. (gets up right behind Joey and yells in his ear) Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the girls are all there, discussing their bad luck with men.]	0
Rachel: Ok, ok, Roger was creepy, but he was nothing compared to Pete Carney.	neither
Monica: Which one was Pete Carney?	neither
Rachel: Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. (imitating) &quot;Was it good for you?&quot;	neither
Monica: Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-&quot;I-win&quot;-guy. (imitating) &quot;I win! I win!&quot; I went out with the guy for two months&#151;I didn't get to win once.	yes
Rachel: How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people!	neither
Monica: I don't know. Maybe we're some kinda magnets.	neither
Phoebe: I know I am. That's why I can't wear a digital watch.	neither
Monica: There's more beer, right?	neither
Phoebe: Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle, you can do like a cleansing ritual.	neither
Rachel: Pheebes, this woman is voluntarily bald.	neither
Phoebe: Yeah. So, we can do it tomorrow night, you guys. It's Valentine's Day. It's perfect.	neither
Monica: Ok, well, what kind of ritual?	neither
Phoebe: Ok. We can, um, we can burn the stuff they gave us.	neither
Rachel: Or?	neither
Phoebe: Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.	neither
Monica: Burning's good.	neither
Rachel: Burning's good. Yeah, I got stuff to burn.	neither
[Scene: The Restaurant, Joey, Lorraine, Chandler, and Janice are at the table. Joey and Lorraine are seated very close, Chandler and Janice have backed their chairs away from one another.]	0
Lorraine: You know, ever since I was little, I've been able to pick up quarters with my toes.	neither
Joey: Good for you. (jumps suddenly) Uh, quarters or rolls of quarters?	neither
Janice: By the way, Chandler. I cut you out of all my pictures. So if you want, I have a bag with just your heads.	yes
Chandler: That's OK.	neither
Janice: Oh, are you sure? Really? Because you know, you could make little puppets out of them, and you could use them in your theater of cruelty. (Lorraine whispers into Joey's ear.)	yes
Joey: (to Lorraine) We can't do that.	neither
Chandler: (disgusted) What? What can't you do?	neither
Joey: Uh, can I talk to you for a second, over there? (Chandler and Joey leave the table.)	neither
Joey: Uh, we might be leaving now.	neither
Chandler: Tell me it's &quot;you and me&quot; we.	neither
Joey: She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I definitely want to be a part of it.	neither
Chandler: Ok, you can not do this to me.	neither
Joey: You're right, I'm sorry. You're right.	neither
Lorraine: (to waiter) Uh, can we have three chocolate mousses to go please?	neither
Joey: I'm outta here. Here's my credit card. Dinner's on me. I'm sorry, Chandler.	neither
Chandler: I hope she throws up on you. (Joey leaves with Lorraine. Chandler sits back down with Janice.)	yes
Chandler: So...	neither
Janice: Just us.	neither
Chandler: Oh, what a crappy night!	yes
Janice: Although, I have enjoyed the fact that, uh your shirt's been stickin' outta your zipper ever since you came back from the bathroom.	neither
Chandler: Excuse me. (gets up, jumps up and down while he zips his zipper up... other patrons look at him) How ya doin'?	neither
Janice: So, do we have the best friends or what?	neither
Chandler: Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?	neither
Janice: I will go for that drink.	neither
Chandler: You got it. Good woman! (the waiter turns around, it's a man) Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?	yes
Janice: Each.	neither
Chandler: That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy. (to Janice) I've always wanted to know...	neither
[Scene: Chandler's bedroom, Chandler wakes up, and finds someone else's hand on his chest. He rolls over and is shocked to see Janice there.]	0
Janice: Happy Valentine's Day! Commercial Break	neither
[Scene: The Hallway, Chandler is trying to get Janice out of his apartment.]	0
Janice: Oh, I miss you already. Can you believe this happened?	neither
Chandler: No... no! And yet it did. Good-bye, Janice.	neither
Janice: Kiss me! (Janice kisses him. Monica comes out for the newspaper.}	neither
Monica: Oh, Chandler, sorry. (Janice turns around, Monica sees who it is.)	neither
Monica: Ohhh, Chandler, sorry! Hey, Janice.	neither
Janice: Hi, Monica.	neither
Chandler: Ok, well, this was very special.	neither
Monica: Rach, come see who's out here! (Rachel comes out.)	neither
Rachel: Oh my god. Janice, hi!	neither
Chandler: Janice is gonna go away now.	neither
Monica: I'll be right back. (Joey enters from the stairs.)	neither
Rachel: Oh, Joey, look who it is.	neither
Joey: (in disbelief) Whoa.	happy
Chandler: Oh, good, Joey's home now.	happy
Janice: This is so fun. This is like a reunion in the hall. (Monica comes out with her cordless phone.)	happy
Monica: Oh, hi, Ross. Yeah. There's someone I want you to say hi to. (to Chandler) He just happened to call.	happy
Janice: Hi, Ross. Yes, it's me. How did you know? (she laughs obnoxiously)	neither
[Scene: A Chinese Restaurant, Ross is there with his date.]	0
Ross: I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog flies from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week and a half. (Ross starts to laugh, and then makes a face like 'Why did I just say that?' Ross' ex-wife, Carol, and her lesbian lover, Susan, enter the restaurant. Ross stares at them.)	neither
Kristin: That's funny. Who are they?	neither
Ross: The blond woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend.	neither
Kristin: You mean they're lovers.	neither
Ross: If you wanna put a label on it.	neither
Kristin: Wow, uh, anything else I should know?	yes
Ross: Nope, nope, that's it. (Carol takes off her jacket, her pregnant belly is exposed.)	neither
Ross: Oh, and she's pregnant with my baby. I always forget that part. (to Carol and Susan) Helloo!	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the girls are holding their boyfriend bonfire.]	0
Phoebe: Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.	neither
Monica: All I have is, is oregano and a Fresca.	neither
Phoebe: Um, that's ok! (throws it in fire) Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.	neither
Rachel: Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.	neither
Monica: Can we just start throwing things in?	neither
Phoebe: Ok, yeah, ok. (she throws the directions in) Oh, OK.	neither
Rachel: (tossing things in the fire) Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.	neither
Phoebe: Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.	neither
Monica: Look, here's a picture of Scotty Jared naked.	neither
Rachel: (looking at picture) Hey he's wearing a sweater.	neither
Monica: No. Rachel and Phoebe: Eww!	neither
Rachel: And here we have the last of Paulo's grappa.	neither
Monica: Hey, Rachel, isn't that stuff almost pure... (Rachel throws the alcohol in the fire. A burst of flames shoots up from it.)	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Joey are there. Chandler is preparing to dump Janice again.]	0
Chandler: How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?	neither
Joey: I don't know. You dumped her on New Year's.	neither
Chandler: Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush. (Janice enters.)	yes
Janice: Hello, funny Valentine.	neither
Chandler: Hi, Just Janice.	neither
Janice: Hello, Joey, our little matchmaker. I could just kiss you all over, and I'm gonna! (Janice kisses Joey all over. Chandler smiles.)	neither
Joey: (to Chandler) If you don't do it, I will.	neither
[Scene: The Chinese Restaurant.]	0
Ross: So, um, what do you do for a living?	neither
Kristin: Well, um, for the past few years I've been working..(Ross is watching Carol and Susan, not listening to Kristin. Susan gets up, and has to go. Carol is left stranded)...which is funny because, that wasn't even my major.	neither
Carol: Oh no. I thought you said they could shoot the spot without you.	neither
Susan: I thought they could...I'll try to get back as soon as I can. I'm sorry. (Ross realizes Kristin was expecting him to laugh, so he starts to laugh hysterically.)	neither
Ross: Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Cause she's, she's alone now, and pregnant, and, and sad.	neither
Kristin: (reluctantly) I guess.	neither
Ross: Are you sure? Great. Carol? Wanna come over and join us?	neither
Carol: Oh, no no no. I'm fine. I'm fine.	neither
Ross: Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin...(struggling)...does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, firemen are there to handle the bonfire that got out of control.] Fireman No. 1: What do we got there? Fireman No. 2: A piece of something: boxer shorts, greeting cards, and what looks like a half-charred picture&#151;Wow, that guy's hairier than the Chief!	neither
Monica: You know, it's a really funny story how this happened. Fireman No. 3: It's all right. It's all right. You don't have to explain. This isn't the first boyfriend bonfire that we've seen get out of control. Fireman No. 1: You're our third call tonight.	yes
Rachel: Really? Fireman No. 2: Oh, sure, Valentine's is our busiest night of the year.	yes
[Scene: Central Perk.]	0
Janice: I brought you something.	neither
Chandler: Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. (reading the candy) Chan and Jan Forever.	neither
Janice: I had them made special.	neither
Chandler: Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.	neither
Janice: That's fine.	neither
Chandler: (surprised) It is?	neither
Janice: Mmm-hmm. Because I know that this isn't the end.	neither
Chandler: Oh no, you see, actually it is.	neither
Janice: No, it isn't, because you won't let that happen. Don't you know it yet? You love me, Chandler Bing.	neither
Chandler: Oh, no I don't.	neither
Janice: Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?	neither
Chandler: I did, but...	neither
Janice: You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You want me. You need me. You can't live without me. And you know it. You just don't know you know it. See ya. (She kisses him passionately,then leaves.)	neither
Chandler: Call me!	neither
[Scene: The Chinese Restaurant, Ross and Carol are talking. Kristin is not there.]	0
Carol: It's not true. I never called your mother a wolverine.	neither
Ross: You did so. I swear, I swear&#151;(noticing Kristin's absence) How long has she been in the bathroom?	neither
Carol: Uh, I don't think she's in the bathroom. Her coat is gone.	neither
Ross: Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I screwed up the first date I had in 9 years.	neither
Carol: That could be it.	neither
Ross: Oh, god. (He puts his head down on the grill) You know, this is still pretty hot. (He picks his head up, and a mushroom sticks to his head. Carol picks it off and eats it.)	neither
Carol: Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny	yes
Ross: No, it's just...you know the whole &quot;getting on with your life&quot; thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you. (They kiss.)	neither
Carol: Oh, I love you too. But...	neither
Ross: No but, no but.	neither
Carol: You know that thing you put over here with the pin in it? It's time to take the pin out. You'll find someone, I know you will. The right woman is just waiting for you.	neither
Ross: That's easy for you to say, you found one already.	yes
Carol: All you need is a woman who likes men and you'll be set. (A beautiful woman walks by Ross, he stares at her.)	neither
Carol: Not her. Closing Credits	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, The girls are talking with the firemen.] Fireman No. 3: We get off around midnight, why don't we pick you up then?	neither
Rachel: So, um, will you bring the truck? Fireman No. 3: I'll even let you ring the bell.	neither
Rachel: Oh, my god.	neither
Phoebe: See, there you go, the cleansing works!	neither
Monica: They're nice guys.	neither
Rachel: Oh, they're firemen guys.	neither
[Scene: Out in the hall, the firemen are talking.] Fireman No. 1: You guys tell them you were married? Fireman No. 2: No way! Fireman No. 3: Are you kidding? My girlfriend doesn't know, I'm not gonna tell them! End	neither
The One With the Stoned Guy Written by: Jeff Greenstein &amp; Jeff Strauss Transcribed by: Ruth Curran	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is serving Joey, Ross, and Monica their drinks.]	0
Rachel: (to Joey) Coffee. (Hands it to him.)	neither
Joey: Thank you.	neither
Rachel: (to Ross) Cappuccino. (Hands it to him.)	neither
Ross: Grazie.	neither
Rachel: And a nice hot cider for Monica. (Hands it to her.)	neither
Monica: Aww, thank you. (Notices something.) Uh Rach?	neither
Rachel: Yeah?	neither
Monica: Why does my cinamon stick have an eraser?	neither
Rachel: Oh! That's why. (Rachel checks behind her ear, and finds a cinamon stick.) I'm sorry! (She takes the pencil out of Monica's coffee and Monica puts her cup down in disgust.) Opening Credits	neither
[Scene: Chandler's job, Chandler is typing data into his computer, he keeps typing even while taking a drink of coffee with one hand. One of his co-workers walks by.]	0
Woman: Chandler.	neither
Chandler: Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you. Mrs. Tedlock: Yes. Well, Mr. Kostelick wants you to stop by his office at the end of the day.	neither
Chandler: Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. (Chandler tries to hide a rubber chicken from the woman.) Nothing.	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there but Chandler. Phoebe runs in, excitedly.]	0
Phoebe: Hey you guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know... (Chandler comes in.)	neither
Chandler: Hey!	neither
All: Hey!	neither
Phoebe: Never mind. But it was going to be really good.	neither
Ross: What's going on?	neither
All: What is it?	neither
Chandler: So, it's a typical day at work. I'm inputting my numbers, and big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.	neither
All: That's great!	happy
Chandler: So.... I quit.	neither
All: Why?	neither
Chandler: Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!	neither
Monica: Yeah, Chandler... you've been there for five years.	neither
Chandler: If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.	neither
Phoebe: So was it a lot more money?	neither
Chandler: It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS. (Everyone looks at him, confused.)	neither
Rachel: ... the WENUS?	neither
Chandler: Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.	neither
Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh. That WENUS.	yes
Joey: So what're you going to do?	neither
Chandler: I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.	neither
Phoebe: Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? (pause) Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.	neither
Monica: (taps Phoebe on her shoulder) Um... hi there.	neither
Phoebe: Hi! (turns back to Chandler, then to Monica) Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....	neither
Chandler: Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.	yes
Phoebe: (to Monica's tapping) Yeah, yeah!	neither
Monica: Well, what kind of food is he looking for?	neither
Phoebe: Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.	neither
Monica: (excited) Oh my God!	happy
Phoebe: Yeah, I know! (turns to Chandler) So, what do you think?	neither
Chandler: Thanks, Phoebe. But I just don't really see myself in a big white hat.	neither
Phoebe: OK. (pause) Oh Monica! Guess what!	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler walks in, wearing a suit.]	0
Chandler: Can you see my nipples through this shirt?	neither
Rachel: No. But don't worry, I'm sure they're still there.	yes
Phoebe: Where are you going, Mr. Suity-Man?	neither
Chandler: Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. (pause) I added the &quot;a-gogo.&quot;	neither
Rachel: Career counselor?	neither
Chandler: Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.	neither
Rachel: I don't!	neither
Chandler: Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.	neither
Ross: Ah, the lesser-known &quot;I don't have a dream&quot; speech. (Monica enters, excited.)	yes
Monica: Oh, I love my life, I love my life!	happy
Phoebe: Ooh! Brian's Song!	neither
Rachel: The meeting with the guy went great?	neither
Monica: So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.	happy
Chandler: Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?	yes
Monica: So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because then you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises.	neither
Rachel: What are you going to make?	neither
Phoebe: (as though Rachel wasn't paying attention) Yummy noises.	neither
Rachel: (pause) And Monica, what are you going to make?	neither
Monica: I don't know. I don't know. It's just going to be so great!	neither
Phoebe: Ooh! I know what you could make! (runs over to join Monica and Rachel in the kitchen) I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff? (Monica doesn't know.) You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know. (sits down)	neither
Ross: Hey guys, does anybody know a good date place in the neighborhood?	neither
Joey: How about Tony's? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak, it's free.	neither
Ross: OK, ahem, hey, does anybody know a good place if you're not dating a puma?	yes
Chandler: Who are you going out with?	neither
Phoebe: Oh, is this the bug lady?	yes
Rachel: (trying to sound like a bug) Bzzzz.... I love you, Ross.	neither
Ross: Her name is Celia. She's not a bug lady. She's curator of insects at the museum.	neither
Rachel: So what are you guys going to do?	neither
Ross: Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I'd introduce her to my monkey.	neither
Chandler: And he's not speaking metaphorically.	yes
Joey: (aside to Ross) So.... back to your place...you thinking, maybe... (gestures with hands, back and forth) huh-huh?	neither
Ross: Well, I don't know.... (gestures) huh-huh.... but I'm hoping (gestures) huh-huh.	neither
Joey: I'm telling you, that monkey is a chick magnet! She's going to take one look at his furry, cute little face and it'll seal the deal.	neither
[Scene: Ross's apartment, Marcel is hanging from Celia's hair, and she is screaming, trying to get him off.]	0
Ross: Celia, don't worry!&nbsp; Don't scream!&nbsp; He's not going to hurt you! Soothing tones, Celia. Soothing tones! Marcel...	neither
Celia: I can't stand this! He's got his claws in my...	neither
Ross: Alright... (lifts Marcel away)	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there but Ross and Chandler. Monica is making food, and having everyone try it.]	0
Monica: (to Joey) OK, try this salmon mousse.	neither
Joey: (tasting) Mmmm. Good.	neither
Monica: Is it better than the other salmon mousse?	neither
Joey: It's creamier.	neither
Monica: Yeah, well, is that better?	neither
Joey: I don't know. We're talking about whipped fish, Monica. I'm just happy I'm keeping it down, y'know? (Chandler kicks the door closed, angrily. His clothes are askew, he looks beat.)	?
Rachel: My God! What happened to you?	neither
Chandler: Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? (he taps the results and reads them) &quot;You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation.&quot;	neither
Phoebe: That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!	neither
Chandler: Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.	neither
Rachel: (comes up and rubs him on the chest) Oh Chandler, I know, I know... oh, hey! You can see your nipples through this shirt!	neither
Monica: (brings a plate of tiny appetizers over) Here you go, maybe this'll cheer you up.	neither
Chandler: Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.	yes
Monica: It's supposed to be that small. It's a pre-appetizer. The French call it an amouz-bouche.	neither
Chandler: (tastes it) Well.... it is amouz-ing... (Phone rings. Monica answers it.)	neither
Monica: (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Oh, hi Wendy! (Listens) Yeah, eight o'clock. (Listens) What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... (Listens) OK, great. (Listens) All right, I'll see you then. Bye. (hangs up)	neither
Phoebe: Ten dollars an hour for what?	neither
Monica: Oh, I asked one of the waitresses at work if she'd help me out.	neither
Rachel: (hurt) Waitressing?	neither
Joey: Uh-oh.	neither
Monica: Well... of course I thought of you! But... but...	neither
Rachel: But, but?	neither
Monica: But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.	yes
Rachel: Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.	yes
Chandler: You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. (dead silence) Amouz-bouche? (holds out tray)	neither
[Scene: Ross' apartment, Girl, You'll Be A Woman Soon (the original, not that cruddy Urge Overkill version) is playing. Ross and Celia are kissing passionately.]	0
Celia: Talk to me.	neither
Ross: OK.... um, a weird thing happened to me on the train this morning...	neither
Celia: No no no. Talk... dirty.	neither
Ross: (embarrassed) Wha... what, here?	neither
Celia: Yes...	neither
Ross: Ah....	neither
Celia: Say something..... hot.	neither
Ross: (panicked) Er.... um.....	neither
Celia: What?	neither
Ross: Um... uh.... vulva. Commercial Break	yes
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey and Ross are there, discussing what happened last night.]	0
Joey: (in disbelief) Vulva?	neither
Ross: Alright, I panicked, alright? She took me by surprise. You know, but it wasn't a total loss. I mean, we ended up cuddling.	neither
Joey: (sarcastic) Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??	yes
Ross: Shut up! It was nice. I just... I don't think I'm the dirty-talking kind of guy, you know?	neither
Joey: What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.	neither
Ross: (deadpan) Please be kidding.	neither
Joey: Why not? Come on! Just, just close your eyes and tell me what you'd like to be doing right now.	neither
Ross: OK. (closes eyes) I'm in my apartment...	neither
Joey: ....yeah... what else?	neither
Ross: That's it. I'm in my apartment, you're not there, we're not having this conversation. (gets up, walks across room)	neither
Joey: (walks to catch up to him) Alright, look, I'll start, OK?	neither
Ross: Joey, please.	neither
Joey: Come on. Come on. Alright, ready, look! (in a low voice) Oh... Ross.... you get me so hot. I want your lips on me now.	neither
Ross: (impressed) Wow.	neither
Joey: Alright, now you say something.	neither
Ross: I... ahem... I really don't think so.	neither
Joey: Come on! You like this woman, right?	neither
Ross: Yeah.	neither
Joey: You want to see her again, right?	neither
Ross: Sure.	neither
Joey: Well if you can't talk dirty to me, how're you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!	neither
Ross: OK, turn around. (Joey looks taken aback) I just don't want you staring at me when I'm doing this.	neither
Joey: (turning around) Alright, alright. I'm around. Go ahead.	neither
Ross: Ahem... I want.... OK, I want to... feel your... hot, soft skin with my lips.	neither
Joey: There you go! Keep going. Keep going!	neither
Ross: I, er... (At this point, Chandler walks into the living room from his bedroom. Ross and Joey both have their backs to him, so they don't notice. Chandler sees the situation and remains quiet, watching.)	neither
Ross: I want to take my tongue... and... (Chandler is completely astounded.)	neither
Ross: ....and....	neither
Joey: Say it... say it!	neither
Ross: ...run it all over your body until you're... trembling with... with... (Chandler leans back against the wall and Ross and Joey hear him. Ross and Joey both notice at the same time. They slowly stop, and then very slowly turn around to see Chandler staring at them.)	neither
Chandler: (smiling)....with??	neither
Ross: (rushing to explain) Funny story!	neither
Joey: You're not going to believe this!	neither
Chandler: It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.	yes
Joey: Hey Chandler, while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.	neither
Chandler: Again?	neither
Joey: And again, and again, and again... (phone rings, he answers) Hello? (hands phone to Chandler) And again.	neither
Chandler: (on phone) Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? (Listens) Yeah, I miss you too. (Listens) Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know? (Listens) Well, that's very generous (Listens) er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... (Listens) And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier? (Listens) Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! (Listens) No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! (Listens) I'll see you on Monday! (slams the phone down)	yes
[Scene: Chandler's new window office, he is showing Phoebe around.]	0
Chandler: Well?	neither
Phoebe: (excited) Wow! It's huge! It's so much bigger than the cubicle. Oh, this is a cube.	neither
Chandler: Look at this! (he opens the curtain to a view of New York City)	neither
Phoebe: Oh! You have a window!	neither
Chandler: Yes indeedy! (they look outside) With a beautiful view of...	happy
Phoebe: Oh look! That guy's peeing!	neither
Chandler: (walks away from window) OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.	neither
Phoebe: (sitting) OK.	neither
Chandler: This is great! (he presses a button on his intercom) Helen, could you come in here for a moment? (An unamused woman walks into the office.)	neither
Chandler: Thank you Helen, that'll be all. (She leaves, obviously perturbed.)	neither
Chandler: Last time I do that, I promise.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is on the phone. Rachel walks in and overhears the conversation.]	0
Monica: (shouting on phone) Wendy, we had a deal! (Listens) Yeah, you promised! Wendy! Wendy! Wendy! (hangs up)	neither
Rachel: Who was that?	neither
Monica: Wendy bailed. I have no waitress.	neither
Rachel: Oh... that's too bad. Bye bye. (she walks away towards the door)	neither
Monica: Ten dollars an hour.	neither
Rachel: No.	neither
Monica: Twelve dollars an hour.	neither
Rachel: Mon. I wish I could, but I've made plans to walk around.	neither
Monica: You know, Rachel, when you ran out of your wedding, I was there for you. I put a roof over your head, and if that means nothing to you... (Rachel isn't buying it, desperate) twenty dollars an hour.	neither
Rachel: Done.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, later. Rachel is waitressing, Monica is cooking. Phoebe walks in with Steve (Crystal Duck winner Jon Lovitz).]	0
Rachel: Well hello! Welcome to Monica's. May I take your coat?	neither
Monica: Hi Steve!	neither
Steve: Hello, Monica. (to Rachel) Hello, greeter girl.	neither
Monica: (to Steve) This is Rachel.	neither
Steve: (unconcerned) Yeah, OK.	neither
Phoebe: (overemphasizing) Mmmmmm! Everything smells so delicious! You know, I can't remember a time I smelt such a delicious combination of (Monica signals her to stop) of, OK, smells.	neither
Steve: It's a lovely apartment.	neither
Monica: Oh, thank you. Would you like a tour?	neither
Steve: I was just being polite, but, alright. (They leave on the tour and Rachel goes to follow them but Phoebe stops her and drags her into the kitchen.)	neither
Rachel: What's up?	neither
Phoebe: (whispers) In the cab, on the way over, Steve blazed up a doobie.	neither
Rachel: What?	neither
Phoebe: Smoked a joint? You know, lit a bone? Weed? Hemp? Ganja?	neither
Rachel: OK, OK. I'm with you, Cheech. OK.	neither
Steve: (from the living room) Is it dry in here? (licks his lips)	neither
Rachel: Let me, let me get you some wine!	neither
Monica: Yeah, I think we're ready for our first course. (Steve sits, Monica brings over a tray) OK, um, these are rot-shrimp ravioli, and celantro pondou sauce... (Steve starts to eat them one by one, quickly)... with just a touch of mints... and... (he finishes)... ginger.	neither
Steve: Well, smack my ass and call me Judy! These are fantastic!	neither
Monica: I'm so glad you liked them!	neither
Steve: Like 'em? I could eat a hundred of them!	neither
Monica: Oh, well... um, that's all there are of these. But in about eight and a half minutes, we'll be serving some delicious onion tartlets.	neither
Steve: Tartlets. Tartlets. Tartlets. The word has lost all meaning. (he gets up and goes into the kitchen)	neither
Rachel: Excuse me? Can I help you with anything?	neither
Steve: You know, I don't know what I'm looking for. (Rachel tries to get Monica's attention to tell her Steve is stoned. She pretends to drag on a joint, and Monica thinks she's giving her the 'OK' signal. Then Rachel does it again, inhaling deeply this time. Monica waves it off as though she doesn't believe it.)	neither
Steve: (from kitchen) Ah, cool! Taco shells! (Rachel motions, &quot;You see!&quot;) You know, these are... they're like a little corn envelope.	neither
Monica: (joining him and taking the taco shells) You know that? You don't want to spoil your appetite.	neither
Steve: (looking in cabinets) Hey! Sugar-O's! (grabs the cereal box)	neither
Monica: You know, if you just wait another... six and a half minutes...	neither
Steve: Macaroni and cheese! We gotta make this!	neither
Monica: No, we don't. (reaches for box)	neither
Steve: Oh, OK. (he drops the box on the floor) Oh, sorry. (When she bends down to pick it up he grabs a package of Gummi-bears from the cabinet.)	neither
Monica: Why don't you just have a seat here? (he sits at the table, then tries to secretly eat the Gummi-bears. Monica spots him.) OK... give me the Gummi-bears.	neither
Steve: (childishly) No.	neither
Monica: Give them to me.	neither
Steve: Alright, we'll share.	neither
Monica: No, give me the...	neither
Steve: Well then you can't have any. (she grabs for the package, and it breaks open. Gummi-bears fly everywhere, some into the punch bowl on the table.) Bear overboard! I think he's drowning. (he throws some Sugar-O's into the punch bowl) Hey fellows! Grab on a Sugar-O... save yourself! (Mimicking the bears) &quot;Help!&nbsp; I'm drowning! &nbsp; Help!&quot;	neither
Monica: (furious) That's it! Dinner is over!	neither
Steve: What?	neither
Monica: What?	neither
Steve: Why?	neither
Monica: Why? It's just that I've waited seven years for an opportunity like this, and you can't even wait four and a half minutes for a stupid onion tartlet? (The oven goes off.)	neither
Steve: (excited) Hey!	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, all are there except Chandler.]	0
Joey: What a tool!	neither
Rachel: You don't want to work for a guy like that.	neither
Ross: Yeah!	neither
Monica: I know... it's just... I thought this was, you know... it.	neither
Ross: Look, you'll get there. You're an amazing chef.	neither
Phoebe: Yeah! You know all those yummy noises? I wasn't faking. (Ross gets up and goes over to the counter and Joey follows him.)	neither
Joey: (to Ross) So, er... how did it go with Celia?	neither
Ross: Oh, I was unbelievable.	neither
Joey: All right, Ross!	neither
Ross: I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have ever heard. I mean, there were characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.	neither
Joey: Whoa! And the... (gestures with hands) huh-huh?	neither
Ross: Well, ahem... you know, by the time we'd finished with all the dirty talk, it was kinda late... and we were both kind of exhausted, so uh...	neither
Joey: You cuddled.	neither
Ross: Yeah, which was nice.	neither
Phoebe: You guys wanna try and catch a late movie or something?	neither
Rachel: Maybe, but shouldn't we wait for Chandler?	neither
Joey: Yeah, where the hell is he?	neither
[Scene: Chandler's office, he's on the phone, agitated.]	0
Chandler: (on phone) Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... (Listens) Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! (slams phone down, then leans back and realizes what just happened) Whooooaaaa.... Closing Credits	neither
[Scene: Phoebe's massage parlour, she has Steve on the table, and is giving him an extra-painful massage.]	0
Phoebe: How's this? (presses down hard)	neither
Steve: Eeeee!	neither
Phoebe: Sorry. How about over here? (presses down hard again)	neither
Steve: Aaaaah!	neither
Phoebe: See, that just means it's working. Does this hurt? (presses down elsewhere)	neither
Steve: No.	neither
Phoebe: What about this? (she starts using her elbows on his back, he yells in pain)	neither
Steve: Aaaaahhh!!	neither
Phoebe: There you go! (She continues to work him over with her elbows and he continues to yell in pain.) End	neither
The One With Two Parts, part 1 Written by: Marta Kauffman &amp; David Crane Transcribed by: Mindy Mattingly With Minot Adjustments by: Tennant Stuart	0
[Scene: Rift&#146;s Restaurant, as seen in Mad About You, Joey and Chandler are there.]	0
Chandler: This is unbelievable. It&#146;s been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, you&#146;d be looking like a ham right about now. (Ursula Buffay, Phoebe&#146;s identical twin sister, is waiting on tables in her inimitable manner.)	yes
Joey: There&#146;s the waitress. Excuse me, Miss. Hello, Miss? (Ursula spins around looking puzzled, quite unable to tell where the sound is coming from.)	neither
Chandler: It&#146;s Phoebe! Hi! (Ursula notices Joey waving his hand, and comes over.)	neither
Ursula: Hi. Okay, will that be all?	neither
Chandler: Wait, wait! Wh-what are you doing here?	neither
Ursula: Yeah, um, I was over there, then you said, &quot;Excuse me, hello Miss,&quot; so now I&#146;m here.	neither
Joey: No, no... how come you are working here?	neither
Ursula: Right, yeah, &#146;cause its close to where I live, and the aprons are really cute.	neither
Chandler: Can we start over?	neither
Ursula: Yeah. Okay great. I&#146;m gonna be over here. (She wanders away.) Chandler and Joey: No, no, no! Opening Credits	neither
[Scene: A wintry February day in New York City, snowplows are clearing the streets. Inside Central Perk, all three girls are paying court to Ross.]	0
Ross: I don&#146;t know whether he&#146;s testing me, or just acting out, but my monkey is out of control. But, he keeps erasing the messages on my machine, &quot;supposedly&quot; by accident.	neither
Rachel: No, yeah, I&#146;ve done that.	neither
Ross: And then, like three days in a row he got to the newspaper before I did, and peed all over the crossword.	neither
Rachel: I&#146;ve never done that. (Outside in the street, Joey and Chandler arrive, to peer through the window at Phoebe, by bending down to look underneath the shop&#146;s sign&#151;a large steaming cup of coffee.)	neither
Chandler: All right, now look at her and tell me she doesn&#146;t look exactly like her sister.	neither
Joey: I&#146;m sayin&#146; I see a difference.	neither
Chandler: They&#146;re twins!	neither
Joey: I don&#146;t care. Phoebe&#146;s Phoebe. Ursula&#146;s... hot! (Joey and Chandler come indoors.)	yes
Chandler: You know that thing, when you and I talk to each other about things?	neither
Joey: Yeah.	neither
Chandler: Let&#146;s not do that any more. (They hang up their coats and scarves, then approach their friends on the main sofa.)	neither
All: Hey guys! Hey!	neither
Joey: Hey Pheebs, guess who we saw today.	neither
Phoebe: Ooh, ooh, fun! Okay... um, Liam Neeson.	neither
Joey: Nope.	neither
Phoebe: Morly Safer.	neither
Joey: Nope.	neither
Phoebe: The woman who cuts my hair!	neither
Monica: Okay, look, this could be a really long game.	neither
Chandler: Your sister Ursula.	neither
Phoebe: (Her face dropping) Oh, really.	yes
Chandler: Yeah, yeah, she works over at that place, uh...	neither
Phoebe: Rift&#146;s. Yeah, I know.	neither
Chandler: Oh, you do? Because she said you guys haven&#146;t talked in like years.	neither
Phoebe: Hmmm? Yeah. So, um, is she fat?	neither
Joey: Not from where I was standin&#146;.	neither
Phoebe: (Turning to Chandler) where were you standing?	neither
Rachel: Um, Pheebs, so, you guys just don&#146;t get along?	neither
Phoebe: It&#146;s mostly just dumb sister stuff, you know, I mean, like, everyone always thought of her as the pretty one, you know... Oh, oh, she was the first one to start walking, even though I did it... later that same day. But, to my parents, by then it was like &quot;yeah, right, well what else is new?&quot;	sad
Ross: Oh, Pheebs, I&#146;m sorry, I&#146;ve got to go. I&#146;ve got Lamaze class.	neither
Chandler: Oh, and I&#146;ve got Earth Science, but I'll catch you in Gym.	neither
Rachel: So, is this just gonna be you and Carol?	neither
Ross: No, Susan&#146;s gonna be there too. We&#146;ve got dads, we&#146;ve got lesbians, the whole parenting team.	neither
Rachel: Well, isn&#146;t, isn&#146;t that gonna be weird?	neither
Ross: No, no. (Distractedly putting on a jacket to go out) I mean, it mighta been at first, but by now I, I think I&#146;m pretty comfortable with the whole situation.	neither
Monica: Ross, that&#146;s my jacket.	neither
Ross: I know. (Rachel grins as Ross removes the girlie jacket, grabs his own, and rushes out.)	neither
[Scene: The Lamaze class, several couples and one trio sit on the floor, introducing themselves to the teacher, who&#146;s got as far as a woman sitting next to Ross, Carol, and Susan.]	0
Woman: Hi, we&#146;re the Rostins. Err, I&#146;m J.C., and he&#146;s Michael, and we&#146;re having a boy, and a girl.	neither
Teacher: Good for you. Alrighty, next?	neither
Ross: Hi, um, I&#146;m err, (has to clear his throat) I&#146;m Ross Geller, and err ah... (pats Carol&#146;s bulge) ..that&#146;s, that&#146;s my boy in there, and uh, (points) this is Carol Willick, and this... is Susan Bunch. Susan is um Carol&#146;s, just, com... (embarrassment finally overwhelms the poor fellow, who becomes incoherent until) ..who&#146;s next?	neither
Teacher: I&#146;m sorry, I didn&#146;t get... Susan is?	neither
Ross: Susan is Carol&#146;s, Carol&#146;s, Carol&#146;s, friend...	neither
Carol: Life partner.	neither
Ross: Like buddies.	neither
Susan: Like lovers.	neither
Ross: You know how close women can get. (The teacher smiles, but her eyebrows go up. Susan and Carol pat each other affectionately.)	neither
Carol: Susan and I live together.	neither
Ross: Although I was married to her.	neither
Susan: Carol, not me.	neither
Ross: Err, right.	neither
Carol: It&#146;s a little complicated.	neither
Ross: A little.	neither
Susan: But we&#146;re fine.	neither
Ross: Absolutely. (Turns back to the woman next to him.) So, twins... hah! That&#146;s like two births. (He struggles again.) Ouch. [Scene : Chandler's Office, Chandler is working.] (Helen&#146;s buzzer is heard on the intercom, so Chandler presses his button, too.)	neither
Chandler: And (he imitates the buzzer) to you too, Helen.	neither
Helen: (Over the intercom) Nina Bookbinder is here to see you.	neither
Chandler: Oh, okay. Send her in. (He hurriedly checks his hair in his computer screen, before taking a sporting trophy from a drawer to place ostentatiously on his desk. An attractive young woman opens the door.)	neither
Nina: Hi.	neither
Chandler: Hi, Nina. Come on in.	neither
Nina: You wanted to see me?	neither
Chandler: Uh, Yes. Yes. I&#146;ve just been going over your data here, and little thing, you&#146;ve been post-dating your Friday numbers.	neither
Nina: Which is bad, because?	neither
Chandler: Well, it throws my WENUS out of whack.	neither
Nina: Your... excuse me?	?
Chandler: WENUS. (Coughs) Weekly Estimated Net...	neither
Nina: Oh, Net Usage Statistics, right. Gotcha, gotcha. Won&#146;t happen again. I wouldn&#146;t want to do anything to hurt your... &quot;wenus.&quot; (Nina beams flirtatiously at Chandler, who catches her drift, but for once he&#146;s lost for something to say &amp;ndash; so she nods her head to tell him that he&#146;s thinking correctly...)	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross, Chandler, and the girls are dividing some Chinese takeout, while the sitcom Family Matters is playing on the TV.]	0
Chandler: It&#146;s not just that she&#146;s cute, okay. It&#146;s just that... she&#146;s really really cute.	neither
Ross: It doesn&#146;t matter. You don&#146;t dip your pen in the company ink. (Marcel scampers about, interfering with the neatness.)	neither
Monica: Ross, your little creature&#146;s got the remote again.	neither
Ross: Marcel, Marcel, give Rossie the remote. Marcel. Marcel, you give Rossie the remote right now... Marce... you give Rossie the remote... (Marcel points the remote at Monica&#146;s television, pressing a particular combination of keys. The logo SAP appears on the screen, and suddenly the dialogue is dubbed into Spanish.)	neither
Monica: Great.	neither
Ross: Relax, I&#146;ll fix it.	neither
Rachel: (Looking at the television) Cool... &quot;Urkel&quot; in Spanish is &quot;Urkel.&quot;	neither
Ross: (looking at the remote) How did he do this?	neither
Chandler: (Looking out at the balcony) So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long? (Rachel slowly spins around, finally noticing that the lights have outstayed their welcome.)	neither
Monica: Ah no, you see, someone was supposed to take them down around New Year&#146;s... but obviously someone forgot.	neither
Rachel: Well, someone was supposed to write &quot;Rach, take down the lights&quot; and put it on the re... frigerate... (finally noticing Monica&#146;s note stuck to the refrigerator) How long has that been there? (Joey enters, looking extremely pleased with himself.)	neither
Chandler: Hey, where you been?	neither
Joey: I went back to Riff&#146;s. I think Ursula likes me. All I ordered was coffee, she brought me a tuna meltt and four plates of curly fries.	neither
Chandler: Score.	neither
Joey: She is so hot!	neither
Chandler: Yeah, listen. Okay, before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by err... (he indicates Phoebe, who is helping Ross understand the remote control.)	neither
Joey: Pheebs?	neither
Phoebe: (Jumping up) Yeah?	neither
Joey: You think it would be okay if I asked out your sister?	neither
Phoebe: Why? Why would you wanna... do that?&nbsp; Why?	neither
Joey: So that if we went out on a date, she&#146;d be there.	neither
Phoebe: Well, I mean, I&#146;m not my sister&#146;s, you know, whatever, and um... I mean, it&#146;s true, we were one egg, once, but err, you know, we&#146;ve grown apart, so, um... I don&#146;t know, why not? Okay.	neither
Joey: Cool, thanks. (He happily gestures at Chandler that there was nothing to worry about, then exits. Rachel and Monica are concerned for poor Phoebe, who slides back down next to Ross.)	happy
Ross: You okay?	neither
Phoebe: Yeah I&#146;m fine.	neither
Ross: You wanna watch Laverne y Shirley? (The sitcom begins with its familiar refrain, yet with a Latin lilt. Rachel and Monica do a little dance with their chopsticks, and Phoebe has to grin as Ross joins in the rhythm.)	neither
[Scene: Lamaze class. Susan is there. Each couple has a doll, for they have just finished learning how to change a diaper. As Ross rushes in, stepping on the Rostins&#146; pretend baby, squashing its head flat. It bleats, in protest. He performs emergency surgery, then hands the doll back to J.C.]	0
Ross: Sorry.	neither
Ross: Hi. Sorry I&#146;m late. Where&#146;s, where&#146;s Carol?	neither
Susan: Stuck at school. Some parent-teacher thing. You can go. I&#146;ll get the information.	neither
Ross: No... No... No. I think I should stay, I think we should both know what&#146;s going on.	neither
Susan: Oh, good. This&#146;ll be fun.	neither
Teacher: Alrighty. We&#146;re gonna start with some basic third stage breathing exercises, so Mummies, why don&#146;t you get on your back? And... coaches, you should be supporting Mummy&#146;s head. (Ross and Susan each gesture for the other to lie down.) Ross and Susan: What? What? What?	neither
Susan: I am supposed to be the mommy?	neither
Ross: Okay, I&#146;m gonna play my sperm card one more time.	neither
Susan: Look, I don&#146;t see why I should have to miss out on the coaching training just because I&#146;m a woman.	neither
Ross: I see. So what do you propose to do?	neither
Susan: I will flip you for it.	neither
Ross: Flip me for it? No, no, no... heads, heads, heads!	neither
Susan: (Triumphantly) On your back... Mom. (Ross gets down like all the other mothers, cradled in Susan&#146;s lap like all the other fathers.)	neither
Teacher: Alright, Mommies, take a nice deep cleansing breath. (Forgetting herself, Susan does the &quot;Mommy&quot; action with Ross.)	neither
Teacher: Good. Now imagine your vagina is opening like a flower. (Ross comes out of character to glare into the distance.)	neither
[Scene: Chandler's Office. Chandler is playing with a toy as his boss Mr. Douglas knocks and opens the door.]	0
Chandler: Mr. D, how&#146;s it going, sir? Mr. Douglas: Ohh, it&#146;s been better. The Annual Net Usage Statistics are in.	neither
Chandler: And? Mr. Douglas: It&#146;s pretty ugly. We haven&#146;t seen an ANUS this bad since the seventies.	neither
Chandler: So what does this mean? Mr. Douglas: Well, we&#146;re gonna be layin&#146; off people in every department.	neither
Chandler: Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very &amp;ndash; Mr. Douglas: Not you. Relax. Ever have to fire anyone?	neither
[Scene: Chandler's Office, later that day, Nina is in his office.]	0
Chandler: Nina? Nina. (He goes around his desk to where she is sitting.) Nina. (In pain) Nina. (She sympathetically reaches out to fondle the inner thigh of his left leg.)	neither
Nina: Are you okay?	neither
Chandler: (Looking down at her hand) Yes, yes I am. Err, listen, the reason that I called you in here today was, err... please don&#146;t hate me.	neither
Nina: (Taking her hand away) What?	neither
Chandler: (Suddenly bright) Would you like to have dinner sometime? (Nina gasps in surprise and relief.)	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is at the counter, serving coffee to Phoebe.]	0
Rachel: So Pheebs, what do you want for your birthday?	neither
Phoebe: Well, what I really want is for my mom to be alive and enjoy it with me.	neither
Rachel: Okay... Let me put it this way. Anything from Crabtree and Evelyn?	neither
Phoebe: Ooh! Bath salts would be nice.	neither
Rachel: Ooh, okay... good. (Jamie Buchman and Fran Devanow enter the coffee house. They look about them as Jamie removes her coat and scarf.)	neither
Jamie: What is this place?	neither
Fran: Look, you&#146;re cold, I have to pee, and... (indicating the sign) ..there&#146;s a cup of coffee on the window. How bad could it be? (Jamie notices Phoebe sitting at the counter.)	neither
Jamie: I think we have an answer.	yes
Fran: What&#146;s she doing here?	neither
Jamie: This could be God&#146;s way of telling us to eat at home.	yes
Fran: Think she got fired at Riff&#146;s?	neither
Jamie: No, no, no. We were there last night. She kept... (shuddering at the memory) ..bringing swordfish. (Indicating the ladies&#146; bathroom) are you gonna go to the, um?	neither
Fran: I&#146;m gonna wait till after we order. It&#146;s her, right.	neither
Jamie: It looks like her. (Phoebe walks by, ignoring the two strangers.)	neither
Jamie: Um, excuse me.	neither
Phoebe: Yeah?	neither
Jamie: Hi, it&#146;s us.	neither
Phoebe: (Smiling blankly) Right, and it&#146;s me.	neither
Jamie: So, so you&#146;re here too?	neither
Phoebe: Much as you are.	neither
Jamie: (Without moving her lips) Your turn.	neither
Fran: Err... we know what we want.	neither
Phoebe: (Philosophically) Oh, that&#146;s good.	yes
Jamie: All we want is two Caffe Lattes.	neither
Fran: And some biscottie cookies.	neither
Phoebe: Good choice. (Phoebe turns away so that the two weird women won&#146;t see the face she pulls, and sits down.)	neither
Jamie: Definitely her.	neither
Fran: Yeah. Commercial break	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel&#146;s, Phoebe is watching a Spanish version of The Waltons. At a nearby table sit Monica knitting, Rachel winding a ball of wool, and Chandler supplying them both from a skein which is spread between his hands.] (Phoebe uses the remote to stop the Spanish by turning off the television.)	0
Monica: I can&#146;t believe you. You still haven&#146;t told that girl she doesn&#146;t have a job yet?	neither
Chandler: Well, you still haven&#146;t taken down the Christmas lights.	neither
Monica: Congratulations, I think you&#146;ve found the world&#146;s thinnest argument.	yes
Chandler: I&#146;m just trying to find the right moment, you know?	neither
Rachel: Oh, well, that shouldn&#146;t be so hard, now that you&#146;re dating. (Imitating men at their worst) &quot;Sweetheart, you&#146;re fired, but how &#146;bout a quickie before I go to work?&quot; (Joey lets himself in, carrying a large paper shopping bag.)	yes
Joey: Hey. Rachel and Chandler: Hey. (There is a loud knocking at the door through which Joey has just entered.)	neither
Chandler: You know, once you&#146;re inside, you don&#146;t have to knock any more.	yes
Monica: I&#146;ll get it. (She rises, dragging Chandler along by the wool. Rachel has to leap over a chair to follow them. Monica opens the door to find Mr. Heckles standing there.)	neither
Monica: Oh. Hi, Mr.Heckles.	neither
Mr.Heckles: You&#146;re doing it again.	neither
Monica: We&#146;re not doing anything. We&#146;re just sitting around talking, quietly.	neither
Mr.Heckles: I can hear you through the ceiling. My cats can&#146;t sleep.	neither
Rachel: You don&#146;t even have cats.	neither
Mr.Heckles: I could have cats.	neither
Monica: (Closing the door) Goodbye Mr.Heckles.	neither
Rachel: We&#146;ll try to keep it down. (The wool-bound trio returns to the table. Rachel has to rush ahead to avoid becoming tangled. Joey brings the shopping bag over to Phoebe, and takes out a nice cardigan.)	neither
Joey: Phoebe, could you do me a favour? Could you try this on? I just wanna make sure it fits.	neither
Phoebe: Ooh, my first birthday present... (delightedly examining the cardigan in her lap) ..oh, this is really...	neither
Joey: Oh, no no no. It&#146;s for Ursula. I just figured, you know, size-wise.	neither
Phoebe: Ohhh... Sure, yeah... (disgustedly dropping the cardigan back into the bag) ..okay, it fits. (The others have been taking all this in.)	neither
Rachel: Are you seein&#146; her again tonight?	neither
Joey: Yep. Ice Capades.	neither
Chandler: Wow, this is serious. I&#146;ve never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.	yes
Joey: I don&#146;t know. I like her, you know. She&#146;s different. There&#146;s uh, somethin&#146; about her.	neither
Phoebe: That you like, (snappily confronting Joey over the heads of the knitting circle) we get it. You like her. Great! (The circle freezes in apprehension.)	yes
Joey: Hey, Phoebe, I asked you, and you said it was okay.	neither
Phoebe: Alright, well, maybe now it&#146;s not okay.	neither
Joey: Okay... Well maybe now I&#146;m not okay with it not being okay.	neither
Phoebe: Okay. (An embarrassed silence... finally broken by)	neither
Chandler: Knit, good woman, knit, knit! (Monica frantically bursts into action as Rachel resumes winding, tangling Chandler&#146;s wool.)	neither
[Scene: Chandler's Office, Chandler &amp; Nina are locked in a passionate embrace. Someone knocks, so they hurriedly separate to stare out of the window. Chandler&#146;s boss opens the door.]	0
Chandler: And that&#146;s the Chrysler Building right there. Mr. Douglas: Nina.	neither
Nina: Mr.Douglas... (flirting defensively) ..cool tie. (She escapes, fortunately so distracting Mr. Douglas, that he misses Chandler&#146;s expression of alarm &amp; guilt.) Mr. Douglas: (Shutting the door, then pointing vaguely at Nina&#146;s shapely departure) She&#146;s still here.	neither
Chandler: Yes, yes she is. Didn&#146;t I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, err, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Flanen-nen, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan. (Thinking quickly, Chandler desperately tries to remember anything to do with schizophrenia....)	neither
Chandler: And err, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly, in fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy. Mr. Douglas: You&#146;re kidding? She seems so...	neither
Chandler: Oh, no, no. Nina... (miming fairies twinkling around his head) ..she is whooo wewee-woo whoo whoo! In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all. Mr. Douglas: That&#146;s unbelievable.	neither
Chandler: And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself, or others. Mr. Douglas: I see. I guess you never really know what&#146;s goin&#146; on inside a person&#146;s head.	neither
Chandler: Well, I guess that&#146;s why they call it psychology, sir. (Mr. Douglas screws up his eyes, trying to credit what Bing has just said, but turning to follow Nina down the corridor, he realises Bing must be telling the truth, since he would not have any personal interest in the girl, would he?)	neither
[Scene: Lamaze class, Ross is again on the floor, cradled in Susan&#146;s lap, but now Carol is cradled in his lap, and she has a pretend baby, on her lap. The teacher is showing her class a video, which is about to end.] Soothing male voice: ..a sound Mom and Dad never forget. For this after all, is the miracle of birth.	neither
Teacher: Lights please? And that&#146;s having a baby. Next week is our final class. (People start getting up. Ross grabs Carol&#146;s doll to hold it upside down like a football, slapping it with his other hand.)	neither
Ross: Susan, go deep. (Susan just glares back, as Ross&#146;s inappropriate joke falls flat. Meanwhile, a bubble is about to burst...)	neither
Carol: This is impossible. It&#146;s just impossible.	neither
Susan: What is, honey?	neither
Carol: What that woman... did. I am not doin&#146; that. It&#146;s just gonna have to stay in, that&#146;s all, everything will be the same, it&#146;ll just stay in.	neither
Ross: Carol, honey, shhh, shhh, everything&#146;s gonna be alright.	neither
Carol: (screaming at Ross) Oh, what do you know?&nbsp; No one's going up to you and saying, &quot;Hi, is that your nostril?&nbsp; Mind if we push this pot roast through it?&quot;	yes
Susan: Carol, Carol, sweetie. Cleansing breath. (Both women gulp in air. Ross looks at his &quot;football,&quot; then manipulates the head &amp; limbs back into place, until it resembles what it represents.)	neither
Susan: I know it&#146;s frightening, but, big picture. The birth part is just one day, and when it&#146;s over, we&#146;re all gonna be parents for the rest of our lives. (Ross is staring blankly into space.)	neither
Susan: I mean, that&#146;s what this is all about, right? Ross? Ross? [Scene 13: Central Perk, the gang is gathered around Monica comforting her brother, who in a slight state of shock is cuddling a cushion for security.]	neither
Ross: I&#146;m gonna be a father.	neither
Rachel: This is just occurring to you?	neither
Ross: I always knew I was havin&#146; a baby, I just never realised the baby was having me.	neither
Rachel: (She comforts him too) Oh, you&#146;re gonna be great!	neither
Ross: Aw, how can you say that? I can&#146;t even get Marcel to stop eating the bath mat. How am I gonna raise a kid?	neither
Chandler: You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different. (Joey tires of this, so he gets up to leave.)	yes
Phoebe: Where&#146;re you going?	neither
Joey: Out.	neither
Phoebe: With?	neither
Joey: (Spreading his arms wide) Yes.	neither
Phoebe: Alright, could I just ask you one question? (Joey nods his head.)	neither
Phoebe: Have you two, you know... like... you know... you know... yet?	neither
Joey: Well, not that it&#146;s any of your business, but, no, we haven&#146;t, okay? (Joey walks toward the door, then hesitates and turns back.)	neither
Joey: You meant sex, right? (Phoebe buttons her lip, while the rest of the gang pretend they&#146;re not there.)	yes
[Scene: Chandler's Office, Chandler is working as Nina knocks, then opens the door.]	0
Nina: Do you have a sec?	neither
Chandler: Ah, sure, Nina. What&#146;s up?	neither
Nina: I don&#146;t know. For the past couple days, people have been avoiding me and giving me these really strange looks.	neither
Chandler: Oh, well, ah... maybe that&#146;s because they&#146;re ah... jealous, of us.	neither
Nina: Maybe. But that doesn&#146;t explain why they keep taking my scissors.	yes
Chandler: Ah, well, maybe that&#146;s, ah, because you&#146;re getting a big raise.	neither
Nina: I am?	neither
Chandler: Sure, why not?	neither
Nina: Oh my god! (Rushing over to give him a big hug) You&#146;re amazing!	neither
Chandler: Oh, you don&#146;t know. (Presses a button.) Helen, could you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinder&#146;s raise?	neither
Helen: (Over the intercom) So you still want me to send her psychological profile to Personnel?	neither
Nina: What?	neither
Chandler: Helen drinks. (Insincerely) Will you marry me? (Nina puts her hands on her hips, then gives Chandler a quizzical look.)	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel&#146;s, Ross, Rachel, Chandler, and Phoebe are sharing a bowl of popcorn, while Monica carefully reads the instruction manual for her television set.]	0
Chandler: Well, I ended up telling her everything.	neither
Rachel: Oh, how&#146;d she take it?	neither
Chandler: Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. (He holds up a bandaged hand.) Little tip: if you&#146;re ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand... (he mimes Nina taking her revenge) ..on the desk.	yes
Monica: Okay, I think I get how to do this. (Monica points the remote at her TV, and punches out a key combination from the book, but the dreaded SAP logo remains and Spanish still comes forth.)	neither
Phoebe: Alright, so, can we turn this off? Can we just make it... make them go away? Because I can&#146;t, I can&#146;t watch.	neither
Monica: (Remotely turning off the television) okay, Pheebs, they&#146;re gone.	neither
Phoebe: Okay.	neither
Monica: Are you alright?	neither
Phoebe: Yeah. It&#146;s just, you know, it&#146;s this whole stupid Ursula thing, it&#146;s...	neither
Rachel: Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, he&#146;s going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?	neither
Phoebe: Um, yeah. Look, I mean, I&#146;m not saying she&#146;s like evil or anything. She just, you know, she&#146;s always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldn&#146;t let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend? Monica and Rachel: (Wistfully, shaking their heads) No.	neither
Phoebe: Well, but that&#146;s what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldn&#146;t even talk to me any more. Because he said he didn&#146;t wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.	neither
Rachel: Oh... Oh, Pheebs.	neither
Phoebe: I mean, I know Joey is not my boyfriend, or my thermos, or anything, but...	neither
Chandler: You&#146;re not gonna lose him.	neither
Monica: Hon, you gotta talk to Joey.	neither
Phoebe: Yeah. Okay.	neither
Ross: No, come on, he doesn&#146;t know this stuff. If he knew how you felt.	neither
Phoebe: But he&#146;s falling in love with her.	neither
Rachel: Oh please, they&#146;ve been going out a week. They haven&#146;t even slept together yet, I mean, that&#146;s not serious.	neither
Phoebe: Okay... Okay. (Monica and Ross indicate that they mean right now.)	neither
Phoebe: Oh, okay, oh. (Phoebe gets up and walks across the hallway, but the door to Chandler and Joey&#146;s apartment is shut. She knocks, and anxiously waits for Joey to come, but instead her identical twin sister emerges wearing one of Joey&#146;s shirts.)	neither
Ursula: (Surprised) Oh. (Phoebe reels back in shock, while Ursula defiantly leans against the doorpost as though she owns the place.)	neither
Ursula: Yeah, um, may we help you? Closing Credits	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's Balcony, Rachel is taking down the Christmas lights. Monica sees her, so she leans out of the small side window.]	0
Monica: Rachel, what are you doing? It&#146;s freezing out here. Would you come back inside?	neither
Rachel: No no no no no. You wanted me to take them down, so... (she climbs onto the railing to reach the top of a pole) ..I&#146;m takin&#146; &#146;em down. Okay? Whoa! (Screams.) (Rachel slips, loses her balance, and falls over the edge..)	neither
Monica: Oh-my-god Rachel! (Rushing out to look over the edge) Rachel! (In the apartment below, Mr.Heckles is trying to relax and read his newspaper, but Rachel is helplessly dangling upside-down with her ankle wrapped up in the Christmas lights.)	neither
Rachel: (To Monica) I&#146;m okay! I&#146;m okay! (She knocks on Mr. Heckles's window.) Mr. Heckles, Mr. Heckles could you help me please?	neither
Mr.Heckles: See, this is just the kind of thing I was talking about. End	yes
The One With Two Parts, Part 2 Written by: Marta Kauffman &amp; David Crane Transcribed by: Mindy Mattingly With Minor Adjustments by: Tennant Stuart Opening Credits	0
[Scene: An Emergency Room, Rachel and Monica enter.&nbsp; Rachel is limping and leaning on Monica for support.]	0
Rachel: Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. (They reach the desk. The bored nurse thinks she's heard it all before.)	neither
Monica: Hi. Uh, my friend here was taking down our Christmas lights, and and she fell off the balcony and may have broken her foot or or ankle or something.	neither
Nurse: My god. You still have your Christmas lights up? (Rachel glares at the nurse, who gives Monica a form attached to a clipboard.)	neither
Nurse: Fill this out and bring it back to me. (Monica helps Rachel over to a vacant seat.)	neither
Rachel: Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. (Monica starts on the form, while Rachel catches her breath and massages her ankle.)	neither
Monica: Okay, ooh, alright. Name, address... Okay, in case of emergency, call?	neither
Rachel: You.	neither
Monica: Really?	neither
Rachel: Yeah.	neither
Monica: Oh, that is so sweet. (Touched, she puts an arm around her friend and kisses her.) Oh gosh, love you. Insurance?	happy
Rachel: Oh, yeah, check it. Definitely, I want some of that.	neither
Monica: (No longer touched) you don't have insurance?	neither
Rachel: Why, how much is this gonna cost?	neither
Monica: I have no idea, but X-rays alone could be a couple hundred dollars.	neither
Rachel: Wel-wel-well what are we gonna do?	neither
Monica: Well there's not much we can do.	neither
Rachel: (Like a big baby) Um... unless, unless I use yours.	neither
Monica: Hah, no no no no no no no no no no.	neither
Rachel: (Tapping the clipboard) well, now, wait a second, who did I just put as my &quot;In case of emergency&quot; person?	neither
Monica: (Looking around to check that no-one's listening, then lowering her voice anyway) That's insurance fraud.	neither
Rachel: Well, alright, then, forget it. (Getting up to go) Might as well just go home. Ow ow ow ow!	neither
Monica: (Jumping up to make Rachel sit down) Okay, okay. I hate this.	neither
Rachel: Thank you. Thank you. I love you.	happy
Monica: (to the nurse) Hi, (tiny laugh) um, I'm gonna need a new set of (tiny laugh) these forms (tiny laugh).	neither
Nurse: Why?	neither
Monica: (Tiny laugh) I am really an idiot. (Tiny laugh) you see, I was filling out my friend's form, and instead of putting her information, (tiny laugh) I put mine.	neither
Nurse: You are an idiot. (She hands over a blank form).	neither
Monica: (Tiny laugh) yep, that's me, (tiny laugh) I am that stupid (tiny laugh).	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, has split up his newspaper so Joey can look at the funnies, while Ross's inappropriate joke at Lamaze class has come back to haunt him.]	0
Ross: I had a dream last night where I was playing football with my kid. Chandler and Joey: That's nice.	neither
Ross: No, no, with him. (He mimes holding the baby like a football.) I'm on this field, and they, they hike me the baby... and I, I know I've gotta do something 'cause the Tampa Bay defence is comin' right at me.	neither
Joey: Tampa Bay's got a terrible team.	neither
Ross: Right, but, it is just me and the baby, so I'm thinkin' they can take us. And so I uh, hah-hah, I just heave it down field.	neither
Chandler: What are you crazy? That's a baby!	neither
Joey: He should take the sack?	neither
Ross: Anyway, suddenly I'm down field, and I realise that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See I, I am so not ready to be a father.	neither
Chandler: Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.	neither
Joey: Yeah, Ross. You and the baby just need better blocking. (Feeling a little better, Ross fetches more coffee.)	?
Joey: Oh, have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?	neither
Chandler: Well, only if you order stuff.	yes
Joey: I'm takin' Ursula tonight. It's her birthday.	neither
Ross: Wo-wo-whoa. What about Phoebe's birthday?	neither
Joey: When's that?	neither
Ross: Tonight.	neither
Joey: Oh, man. What're the odds of that happening? (Joey begins to contemplate his ill fortune.)	neither
Ross: You take your time. (Joey looks at his friends, thinks a bit more, then realises.)	neither
Chandler: There it is! So what're you gonna do?	neither
Joey: What can I do? Look, I don't want to do anything to screw it up with Ursula.	neither
Chandler: And your friend Phoebe?	neither
Joey: Well, if she's my friend, hopefully she'll understand. I mean, wouldn't you guys?	neither
Chandler: Man, if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit. (Joey gestures to show that he wouldn't dare...)	yes
[Scene: The Hospital, Monica and Rachel are waiting for the doctors to arrive. &nbsp; They enter and are played by Noah Wyle and George Clooney.] Dr. Mitchell: ..you add a pinch of saffron, it makes all the difference. (They approach the young ladies. Dr. Mitchell consults Ms.Geller's admissions form.) Dr. Mitchell: Okay, errrr, Monica?	neither
Monica: Yes? (jumping as Rachel punches her arm) ..yes, she is. Rachel (as Monica): Hi, this is my friend Rachel. Monica (as Rachel): Hi. Dr. Mitchell: (Smiling) Hi, err Rachel. I'm Dr.Mitchell. Dr. Rosen: (Smiling even more and attempting to take over) And I'm his friend, Dr.Rosen. (Monica and Rachel smile back prettily.)	neither
Rachel: Aren't you a little cute to be a doctor? Dr. Rosen: Excuse me?	neither
Rachel: I meant er, (struggling to concentrate) young, young, I meant young, young to be a doctor. Oh good, Rach. Monica (as Rachel): Thank you. Rachel (as Monica): Right.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone but Joey is waiting for Phoebe to arrive for her surprise birthday party.&nbsp; Rachel and Monica is telling Chandler about Rachel's incident.]	0
Rachel: ..so, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.	neither
Monica: Uh, you left out the stupid part.	neither
Rachel: Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said &quot;yes.&quot;	neither
Monica: I think it's totally insane, I mean, they work for the hospital. It's like returning to the scene of the crime. You know, I say we blow off the dates.	neither
Rachel: What? Monica, they are cute, they are doctors, (spelling it out in the air for her slow friend) cute doctors, doctors who are cute!	neither
Chandler: Alright, what have we learned so far? (There is a knock at the door. Someone turns the music off, then the whole party runs and hides, except for Monica and Rachel who answer their door. Ross stands in the doorway, holding a box, but everyone is too keyed up to notice that it's him.) The Whole Party: (Jumping up) SURPRISE!!! (Ross is so startled that he throws his arms up to defend himself. The box takes off, then lands with a squishy thud, its contents oozing out onto the floor. Ross is not pleased.)	neither
Ross: What the hell are you doing? You scared the crap outta me.	neither
Rachel: Was that the cake?	neither
Ross: Yeah, yeah. I got a lemon schmush.	neither
Monica: Come on, she'll be here any minute. (The whole party gathers round as Ross puts the box on the coffee table.)	neither
Rachel: I hope it's okay. (As Ross opens the lid, everybody looks at the mess inside.)	neither
Monica: Oh...	neither
Chandler: (Reading) &quot;Happy Birthday Peehe.&quot;	neither
Monica: Well maybe we can make a, a, a 'B' out of one of those roses. (Phoebe quietly wanders in, to join the tableau.)	neither
Ross: (Still annoyed) Yeah, we'll just use our special cake tools.	neither
Phoebe: Hey, what's going on?	neither
Ross: Oh, we just... Phoebe's Friends: (Finally noticing the guest of honour) Surprise!	neither
Phoebe: (Delighted) oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, Hi! (Thrilled) You found Betty! Oh my god! (Hugging people) This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room, (still happy) Where's Joey? (The party falls flat. Chandler tries to think of a witticism, but even he can't help...)	happy
Chandler: Did you see Betty? (Betty waggles her fingers to say &quot;Hi&quot;, but Phoebe feels her birthday has been ruined by her twin.)	neither
[Scene: A Restaurant, Ross is having lunch with his father who is examining his next forkful.] Mr. Geller: I tell you one thing, I wouldn't mind having a piece of this sun-dried tomato business. Five years ago, if somebody had said to me, here's a tomato that looks like a prune, I'd say &quot;get out of my office!&quot;	neither
Ross: Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all? Mr. Geller: I'm not freaking out, I'm just saying, if somebody had come to me with the idea andndash;	neither
Ross: Dad, dad, dad, I'm talkin' about the whole uh, baby thing. Did you uh, ever get this sort of... panicky, &quot;Oh my god I'm gonna be a father&quot; kind of a thing? Mr. Geller: No. Your mother really did the work. I was busy with the business. I wasn't around that much. Is that what this is about?	neither
Ross: No, no, Dad, I was just wondering. Mr. Geller: 'Cause there's time to make up for that. We can do stuff together. You always wanted to go to that Colonial Williamsburg. How 'bout we do that?	neither
Ross: Thanks, Dad, really, I ju... you know, I just, I just needed to know, um... when did you start to feel like a father? Mr. Geller: Oh, well, I, I guess it musta been the day after you were born. We were in the hospital room, your mother was asleep, and they brought you in and gave you to me. You were this ugly little red thing, and all of a sudden you grabbed my finger with your whole fist. And you squeezed it, so tight. And that's when I knew. (Ross is so moved by his father's charming story, that he stops eating.) Mr. Geller: So you don't wanna go to Williamsburg?	neither
Ross: No, we can go to Williamsburg. Mr. Geller: Eat your fish.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is just getting off of the intercom and turns off the TV which is still in the SAP mode.]	0
Monica: Rachel, the cute doctors are here.	neither
Rachel: (entering from her room) Okay, coming! (Monica opens the door for Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Geoffrey.)	neither
Monica: Hi, come on in. Dr. Mitchell: Hey.	neither
Monica: Hi, Geoffrey.	neither
Rachel: Hi. Dr. Rosen: Ah here, we brought wine. Dr. Mitchell: Look at this, it's from the cellars of Ernest and Tova Borgnine, so how could we resist?	neither
Rachel: Oh, that's great. Look at that. Dr. Rosen: So, Monica, how's the ankle?	neither
Monica: It's uh... (Rachel discreetly coughs to warn her.) Monica (as Rachel): ..well, why don't you tell them? After all it, is your ankle. Rachel (as Monica): You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you, um... Well, listen, why don't you two sit down and, and we'll get you some glasses... okay... (They don't know what to do with their coats and Monica points to the living room) STAT! (Rachel joins Monica who is in the kitchen area, opening the wine bottle. Rachel checks that the doctors aren't listening, then lowers her voice anyway.)	neither
Rachel: Okay, listen, I'm thinking, why don't we just tell them who we really are? I mean, it'll be fine, I really think it'll be fine.	neither
Monica: It will not be fine. We'll get in trouble.	neither
Rachel: Oh, Monica! Would you stop being such a wuss?	neither
Monica: A wuss? Excuse me for living in the real world, okay? (Back at the couch, Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Rosen have concerns of their own.) Dr. Mitchell: So? Dr. Rosen: So... they sss-still seem normal. Dr. Mitchell: That's because they are. Dr. Rosen: (Nervously) okay, but you have to admit that every time we go out... Women we meet at the hospital... It turns into... Dr. Mitchell: Willya relax? Look around. No pagan altars, no piles of bones in the corners, they're fine. (Baring his teeth to clean them with his finger) Go like this. (Dr. Rosen obeys.) (Meanwhile, back at the sink.)	neither
Monica: I said we are not going to do it, okay? Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.	neither
Rachel: (Resenting the truth) I am not a baby! You know what? I swear to god, just because you get so uptight every time we...	neither
Monica: Sure, every time, you're such a princess...	yes
Rachel: You know what?	neither
Monica: What?	neither
Rachel: You know what?	neither
Monica: What!?	neither
Rachel: You know what?	neither
Monica: (getting angry) What!!?	neither
Rachel: Every day, you are becoming more and more like your mother. (Rachel brightly limps back across the apartment with glasses of wine for the cute doctors, leaving an open-mouthed Monica in her wake.)	neither
Rachel: Hello! Here we go! Dr. Rosen: This is a great place. How long have you lived here?	neither
Rachel: (as Monica) Thanks! I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.	neither
Monica: (as Rachel) Yeah... (joining the others) ..see, I was supposed to get married, but, um, I left the guy at the altar. (Rachel tries to hide her alarm, but she squirms in her chair.) Dr. Mitchell: Really?	neither
Monica: (as Rachel) Yeah... Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish, but haha, hey, that's me. (Indicating a dish on the table) Why don't you try the hummus? Dr. Rosen: So, Monica, what do you do?	neither
Rachel: (as Monica) Aahh, I'm a... chef at a restaurant uptown. Dr. Rosen: Good for you.	neither
Rachel: (as Monica) Yeah it is, mostly because I get to boss people around, which I just love to do. Dr. Rosen: This hummus is great. Dr. Mitchell: God bless the chickpea.	neither
Monica: (as Rachel) (Suddenly laughing) Oh, god, I am so spoiled... That's it! (The doctors don't know what to make of all this.)	neither
Rachel: (as Monica) And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow?	neither
Monica: (as Rachel) I used to wet my bed.	neither
Rachel: (as Monica) I use my breasts to get other people's attention.	neither
Monica: (as Rachel) (Revealing her anger to point at her best friend) We both do that! (Rachel lets her anger show too. Hideously embarrassed, the doctors drain their glasses in the vicious pause which follows. The telephone rings, but the girls just glower at each other, silently daring the other to move first. Finally both guys jump up, and Michael wins.) Dr. Mitchell: (on the phone) Monica and Rachel's apartment. Err yeh, aayah, yeh, just one second... (handing it to Monica) ..ah, Rachel, it's your dad.	neither
Monica: (as Rachel) Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. (Getting up to move further away from Rachel) li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you... (Monica glares triumphantly across the room, scaring Rachel who also stands up.)	neither
Rachel: Would you excuse me for a second?	neither
Monica: (as Rachel) Remember back in freshman year? (Talking fast before Rachel can catch her) Well, Billy Dreskin and I had sex on your bed. (Completely undone by Monica's verbal destruction, Rachel almost loses her balance as she staggers backwards, eyes agog, gasping for breath, and literally not knowing which way to turn. Finally, she escapes into the bathroom while a resigned Dr. Mitchell looks philosophically at Dr. Rosen who seems about remind him of the good old days at the pagan altar.) Commercial Break	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning, Ross, Phoebe, Chandler and Monica sit round the coffee table, playing Scrabble. Rachel, still in her dressing gown, is pleading on the phone, her free hand shaking with agitation.]	0
Rachel: (on phone) Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! (Rachel turns to Monica, clasping the receiver to her bosom so Dr.Green can't hear, while mouthing &quot;You are...&quot;) ...dead! (Monica smiles a sweet apology of regret, until she's distracted by Marcel as he clambers all over her nice furniture.)	neither
Monica: Ross, he's got the remote again.	neither
Ross: Good. Maybe he can switch it back. (Marcel changes channel to Bugs Bunny, who is speaking in Spanish.)	neither
Ross: Maybe not. (Meanwhile, Rachel has taken another call, from a nurse she'd hoped never to hear from again.)	neither
Rachel: Hello? (Listens) Um, yeah, uh, (snapping her fingers at Ross who takes the remote from Marcel, then turns off the TV) Okay ah, hold on a second, lemme lemme just check and see if see if she's here. (All animosity forgotten, Rachel holds the receiver out as she limps quickly over to her friend, who stands up in concern.)	neither
Rachel: It's the woman from the hospital admissions office. She says there's a problem with the form. Oh, god, oh god... Rachel and Monica: Oh god, waddawe do, waddawe do, waddawe do?	neither
Monica: I don't know! Why don't you just explain? What do they want? Find out what they want!	neither
Rachel: Okay (desperately hands the receiver over) no, you do it.	neither
Monica: (taking the phone) Hello, this is Monica... Yeah??? Oh... (Smiles at Rachel to reassure her) Okay, yes, we'll be right, we'll be right down.(Listens) Thank you. (Hangs up)	neither
Rachel: What?	neither
Monica: We forgot to sign one of the admissions forms.	neither
Rachel: Ohhh... (slumping in relief) Okay, you were right. You were right! This was just not worth it.	neither
Monica: Thank you.	neither
Rachel: Okay, let me just change.	neither
Monica: Yes. (Rachel goes to her room.)	neither
Joey: (entering quietly) Hey. Ross and Chandler: Hey!	neither
Monica: Hi.	neither
Phoebe: Trouble?	neither
Joey: Your sister stood me up the other night.	sad
Phoebe: Oh, no. Don't you hate it when people aren't there for you?	neither
Ross: Well did you try calling her?	neither
Joey: I've been trying for two days. When I called the restaurant, they said she was too busy to talk. I can't believe she's blowin' me off. (Phoebe wants to be angry with Joey, but as she watches him shaking his head in pain and disbelief, she knows that it isn't his fault.)	neither
[Scene: Riff's, Phoebe is entering. Ursula returns with two plates of chicken, but she only has time to set one on the table, when...]	0
Phoebe: Hey. (Ursula turns in surprise.)	neither
Ursula: Oh!	neither
Phoebe: Um you, you got a minute?	neither
Ursula: Um, yeah, I'm just... (waving dismissively at the concept) ..working. (Ursula points out a vacant table, so the twins walk over, side by side, to sit down. Departing customers walk right past the pair. Sitting at the back, a hungry gentleman looks most annoyed as Ursula sets his meal down in front of her. The girls sit.)	neither
Phoebe: So.	neither
Ursula: Uh-huh. (Ursula is genuinely pleased that her sister has visited her, after so many years. Phoebe hesitates over how best to begin.)	neither
Phoebe: Um, oh, I got you a birthday present. (Ursula picks up a fork and begins eating the meat, while Phoebe removes a present from her bag.)	neither
Ursula: Oh, wow! You remembered! (Opening it) Oh! It's a Judy Jetson thermos! (She laughs at the childhood memory. Phoebe smiles at being able to make her point.)	happy
Phoebe: Right, like the kind you...	neither
Ursula: Right... Oh, I got something for you, too. (Ursula gets up to fetch a box from her bag by the counter.)	neither
Phoebe: How'd you know I was coming?	neither
Ursula: Um, yeah, um, twin thing. (Ursula puts the box directly into Phoebe's hand. Phoebe brightens.)	neither
Phoebe: I can't believe you did this. (Phoebe opens the box, to find something familiar inside.)	neither
Phoebe: I can't believe you... (holding up Joey's cardigan) ..did this. (Phoebe's smile hardens as she packs the cardigan away.)	neither
Phoebe: So... What's the deal with umm, you and Joey?	neither
Ursula: Oh, right. He is so great. But that's over. (Ursula resumes eating her lunch..)	neither
Phoebe: Does he know?	neither
Ursula: Who?	neither
Phoebe: Joey. You know, um, he's really nutsy about you.	neither
Ursula: He is? Why?	neither
Phoebe: You got me.	yes
Ursula: Right. (A waiter comes over for the stolen chicken. Ursula turns to him.)	neither
Ursula: Excuse me. Doesn't this come with a side salad? (The man gives up, shaking his head.)	neither
Phoebe: So, um, are you gonna call him?	neither
Ursula: What? (Indicating the departing waiter) Do you think he likes me?	neither
Phoebe: No, Joey.	neither
Ursula: Oh. No, no, he is so smart. He'll figure it out. (Offering to share her food) Do you want some chicken?	neither
Phoebe: No. No food with a face.	neither
Ursula: You have not changed! (Ursula's eyes dance as she laughs and smiles, simply glad to be back with her sister.)	neither
Phoebe: Yeah, you too. (Trying not to wrinkle her nose, Phoebe smiles back realising it's down to her to make up for her negligent sister. Meanwhile, Ursula still hasn't received her side salad, but when she attempts to attract the waiter's attention, he ignores her.)	neither
[Scene: The Emergency Room. The officious admissions nurse is again on duty. Rachel and Monica enter, looking worried. As they approach the desk, Rachel adopts a winning smile, while Monica struggles to smile at all.]	0
Rachel: (as Monica) Hi, remember us?	neither
Nurse: (Grimacing) Mmm hmmm.	neither
Monica: (as Rachel) Um, okay. You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on the admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a whole new one (little laugh) because uh, you see, I-I, I put the wrong name again. (Little laugh) 'cause um...	neither
Nurse: You're that stupid.	neither
Monica: (as Rachel) I am. I'm that stupid. (Little laugh.)	neither
Rachel: (as Monica) Yeah, and and, I'm just gonna pay for this with a check.	neither
Nurse: Well, you know your insurance will cover that.	neither
Rachel: (as Monica) Yeah, I know... (mirroring her friend) ..I'm I'm just not that bright either. (The girls escape with a new form.)	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is neglecting the game of Scrabble, for he's busily drawing on his own childhood in an attempt to help Ross. Marcel chitters about.]	0
Chandler: Okay, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father.	neither
Ross: Uh-huh.	neither
Chandler: Say your son never feels connected to you, as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.	neither
Ross: Do you have a point?	neither
Chandler: You know, you think I would. (Instead of scampering, Marcel stretches his neck as much as possible, and makes an unvoiced noise from his throat.)	?
Chandler: What's up with the simian?	neither
Ross: It's just a fur ball.	neither
Chandler: Okay... (returning to the board) ..whose turn is it?	neither
Ross: Yours, I just got 43 points for 'KIDNEY'.	neither
Chandler: No, no, you got zero points for 'IDNEY'.	neither
Ross: I had a 'K'. Where's where's my 'K'? (The unvoiced hissing continues. In alarm, Ross and Chandler look at the monkey, who is now in some distress.)	neither
[Scene: The Emergency Room, Monica sits with Rachel, who is filling out an honest form at last. Ross and Chandler hurtle in. Little Marcel, wrapped in a fluffy towel, is cradled in Ross's arms. They dash up to the admissions desk. Ross is frantic.]	0
Ross: You've got to help me my monkey swallowed a 'K'! (Hearing her brother's voice, Monica gets up to stand behind Chandler, followed by Rachel.)	neither
Nurse: (angrily) You go get that animal outta here.	neither
Ross: No, no you don't understand the animal hospital is way across town he's choking I don't know what else to do.	neither
Monica: What's goin' on? (Ross and Chandler turn at the voice...)	neither
Chandler: Marcel swallowed a Scrabble tile.	neither
Rachel: Oh. (..then turn back to the desk when the surprise hits them, and Ross and Chandler whip around once more. Monica and Rachel recoil slightly.)	neither
Nurse: Excuse me... This hospital is for people!	neither
Ross: Lady, he is people. He has a name, okay? He watches Jeopardy! He he touches himself when nobody's watching. Please, please have a heart! (Ross's vigorous protest is attracting attention.) Dr. Mitchell: I'll take a look at him. (Rachel, Monica, Ross and Chandler whip around for a second time, in formation.) Rachel and Monica: Oh, thank you.	yes
Monica: Michael. Dr. Mitchell: Rachel.	neither
Rachel: What?	neither
Monica: (as Rachel) Monica.	neither
Rachel: (as Monica) Oh.	neither
Monica: (as Rachel) Hi.	neither
Rachel: (as Monica) Hi. (Monica smiles to cover her embarrassment, but Rachel sadly looks away...)	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is playing &quot;She Loves Me, She Loves Me Not&quot; with the petals of a flower, alternately looking hopeful and annoyed. Phoebe enters, but not as herself, for she has changed the style of her hair and make-up to match that of her twin sister. She hangs up her coat, revealing her new cardigan. Nervously, she smooths out the identifying garment, approaching Joey who sits next to the main sofa.]	0
Phoebe: (as Ursula) Hey.	neither
Joey: Urse... (Phoebe nods as he stands up in delight.)	neither
Joey: ..ah, what're you doing here? I've been trying to call you.	neither
Phoebe: (as Ursula) Listen, um...	neither
Joey: No, no, no, don't say &quot;listen.&quot; I know that &quot;listen.&quot; I've said that &quot;listen.&quot;	neither
Phoebe: (as Ursula) I'm sorry.	neither
Joey: I don't get it. What happened? What about everything you said under the bridge? (Phoebe is almost thrown by this.)	neither
Phoebe: (as Ursula): Yeah, um... (nervously clears her throat) You know you, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin' crazy that night, I was so drunk!	neither
Joey: You don't drink.	neither
Phoebe: (as Ursula) That's right, I don't... But I was, I was drunk on you!	neither
Joey: Oh, Urse... (He tries to take her in his arms, but she fends him off.)	neither
Phoebe: (as Ursula) Okay, yeah, so it's not gonna work.	neither
Joey: Why? Is it because I'm friends with Phoebe?	neither
Phoebe: (as Ursula) If it was, would you stop hanging out with her?	neither
Joey: (Thinking carefully) no. No, I, I couldn't do that.	neither
Phoebe: (as Ursula) Um, then yes, it's 'cause of Phoebe! So, you know, it's either her or me.	neither
Joey: Then, uh, then I'm sorry. (He sinks to the sofa, saddened by Ursula's ultimatum, while Phoebe follows, touched by Joey's good heart.)	neither
Phoebe: (as Ursula) You know... (unconsciously putting a hand on his knee) You're gonna be really, really hard to get over.	neither
Joey: I know... (He looks up at her face and Phoebe, slipping out of character, smiles back at him. Joey's voice becomes soft and warm.)	neither
Joey: I don't know whether it's just 'cause we're breakin' up or... what, but you have never looked so beautiful.	neither
Phoebe: Really? (Phoebe smiles, when Joey takes her face in his hands and kisses her. Joey gets up to leave but stops suddenly. Phoebe silently shouts &quot;Oh, whoa!!&quot; to herself, and leans back in the sofa to recover, a hand to her tingling lips. A thoughtful Joey is also feeling his lips, so he hesitates for a moment, then returns for a better view, he thinks again, cocking his head from side to side to regard her profile from various angles, then...)	neither
Joey: Pheebs?	neither
Phoebe: (Automatically) Yeah. Oooh... (she's sprung.)	neither
[Scene: The Hospital, Marcel lies on the operating table while recovering from the anaesthetic, tucked up under a sheet like an infant in a huge bed. Ross sits beside him, as a smiling Chandler, Monica and Rachel look on.]	0
Ross: He looks so tiny. (The door bursts open, and Joey and Phoebe rush in.)	neither
Joey: We just got the message.	neither
Phoebe: Is he alright?	neither
Ross: Yeah. The doctor got the 'K' out. He also found an 'M' and an 'O'.	neither
Chandler: We think he was trying to spell out 'MONKEY.' (Ross does not approve of Chandler's daft theory.)	neither
Ross: Well, the doctor says he's gonna be fine, he's just sleeping now.	neither
Chandler: (Tapping Ross on his shoulder) So, you feel like a dad yet?	neither
Ross: No, why?	neither
Chandler: Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad. (Ross does approve of this, but he's still not sure. The tiny figure stirs.)	neither
Monica: Oh, look, he's waking up!	neither
Ross: (Quietly) hey, fella! How you doing? (All of a sudden, Marcel grabs Ross's finger with his whole fist, and he squeezes it, so tight, that Ross finally knows what it is to be a father. He looks up at his friends, who smile encouragingly, Rachel tenderly resting her chin upon Monica's shoulder. Ross realises that Chandler was right and he's gonna make a great dad!) Closing Credits	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone except Joey is there.&nbsp; Rachel is looking out of the window and Ross is handing out some Chinese takeout.&nbsp; There's a small SAP in the corner of the screen.]	0
Ross: Aqui est. (Here it is!)	neither
Monica: A quin pidio el pollo General Tso? (Who ordered General Sal's chicken?)	neither
Chandler: Pudo aver sido General Tso! (It could've been General Sal!) (Rachel points out of the window.)	yes
Rachel: Mira, mira, el viejo desnudo est haciendo el hula hoop! (Look, look, Ugly Naked Guy is doing the hula!) (The others rush to the window for a look.)	neither
All:Ewww! (Ewww!) (Joey enters, happy again.)	neither
All: Hola, Joey! (Hi, Joey!)	neither
Joey: Hola, amigos! (Hey, everybody!) (Marcel grabs the remote.)	neither
Monica: Mira, Ross, Marcel se llevo el control remoto. (Look, Ross, Marcel's got the remote.)	neither
Ross: Lo que sucedio es que no le gusta la tele! (The thing is, he doesn`t like the program!) (Everybody laughs.) End	neither
The One With All The Poker Written by: Jeffrey Astrof and Mike Sikowitz. . Transcribed by: Dan Silverstein (The whole gang is helping Rachel mail out resumes while whistling the theme from The Bridge on the River Kwai.)	0
Ross: Uh, Rach, we're running low on resumes over here.	neither
Monica: Do you really want a job with Popular Mechanics?	neither
Chandler: Well, if you're gonna work for mechanics, those are the ones to work for.	neither
Rachel: Hey, look, you guys, I'm going for anything here, OK? I cannot be a waitress anymore, I mean it. I'm sick of the lousy tips, I'm sick of being called 'Excuse me...'	neither
Ross: Rach, did you proofread these?	neither
Rachel: Uh... yeah, why?	neither
Ross: Uh, nothing, I'm sure they'll be impressed with your excellent compuper skills.	yes
Rachel: (upset) Oh my Goood! Oh, do you think it's on all of them?	neither
Joey: Oh no, I'm sure the Xerox machine caught a few. Opening Credits	yes
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Chandler are sitting at a table. Rachel is working. Monica and Phoebe enter.]	0
Monica: Hey, guys. Chandler and Ross: Hey.	neither
Rachel: Hey... hi, ladies... uh, can I get you anything? (to Monica, quietly): Did you bring the mail?	neither
Monica: Lots of responses.	neither
Rachel: (to Monica): Really? (out loud): Sure, we have scones left! (to Monica): OK, read them to me.	neither
Phoebe: (reading): Dear Ms. Green, thank you for your inquiry, however... oh... (crumples up letter)	neither
Rachel: (out loud): We have apple cinnamon...	neither
Monica: (reading): OK... Dear Ms. Green... yeah... yeah... yeah... No. (crumpes up letter)	neither
Phoebe: Wow!	neither
Rachel: What?	neither
Phoebe: (reading): Your Visa bill is huge!	neither
Rachel: (grabs the bill) Give me that! (Camera cuts to Chandler and Ross at table.)	neither
Chandler: You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?	neither
Ross: I don't know.	neither
Chandler: Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?	neither
Ross: No, it's not just that. It's just&#151;I want someone who... who does something for me, y'know? Who gets my heart pounding, who... who makes me, uh... (begins to stare lovingly at Rachel)	neither
Chandler: ...little playthings with yarn?	neither
Ross: What?	neither
Chandler: Could you want her more?	neither
Ross: Who?	neither
Chandler: (sarcastically) Dee, the sarcastic sister from Whats Happening.	yes
Ross: Look, I am totally, totally over her, OK, I just... (Rachel comes over, Ross lays head on table): Hiiii!	neither
Rachel: Hi! How are you?	neither
Ross: We're fine, we're fine.	neither
Rachel: OK. (walks away) (Ross keeps staring at her, head on table. Chandler smacks him with a newspaper. Joey enters, Ross and Chandler laugh at him.)	0
Joey: Shut up!	neither
Chandler: We're not&#151;we're not saying anything.	neither
Phoebe: What?	neither
Ross: Uhhhh... Joey cried last night.	neither
Joey: Thank you.	yes
Chandler: (to the girls) We were playing poker, alright...	neither
Joey: There was chocolate on the three. It looked like an eight, alright?	neither
Ross: Oh, guys, you should've seen him. 'Read 'em and weep.'	neither
Chandler: And then he did.	neither
Rachel: Well, now, how come you guys have never played poker with us?	neither
Phoebe: Yeah, what is that? Like, some kind of guy thing? Like, some kind of sexist guy thing? Like it's poker, so only guys can play?	neither
Ross: No, women are welcome to play.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, OK, so then what is it? Some kind of... you know, like, like... some kind of, y'know, like... alright, what is it?	neither
Chandler: There just don't happen to be any women in our games.	neither
Joey: Yeah, we just don't happen to know any women that know how to play poker.	neither
Girls: Oh, yeah, right.	neither
Monica: Oh, please, that is such a lame excuse!	neither
Rachel: Really.	neither
Monica: I mean, that's a typical guy response.	neither
Ross: Excuse me, do any of you know how to play?	neither
Girls: No.	neither
Rachel: But you could teach us.	neither
Guys: No.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the guys are teaching the girls how to play poker.]	0
Chandler: (teaching) OK, so now we draw cards.	neither
Monica: So I wouldn't need any, right? Cause I have a straight.	neither
Rachel: Oh, good for you!	neither
Phoebe: Congratulations! (Microwave timer goes off. Monica gets up.)	neither
Chandler: OK Phoebs, how many do you want?	neither
Phoebe: OK, I just need two... the, um, ten of spades and the six of clubs.	neither
Ross: No. No, uh, Phoebs? You can't&#151;you can't do...	neither
Rachel: Oh wait, I have the ten of spades! Here! (gives it to Phoebe)	neither
Ross: No, no. Uh... no, see, uh, you-you can't do that.	neither
Rachel: Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no, that's OK, I don't need them. I'm going for fours.	neither
Ross: Oh, you're... (gives up) (Monica comes back to the table with plates of food.)	neither
Monica: Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites. Phoebe and Rachel: OOooooo!	neither
Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...(look of realization)	neither
Chandler: (changing subject) OK, so at this point, the dealer...	neither
Monica: Alright, you know, we got it, we got it. Let's play for real. High stakes... big bucks...	neither
Ross: Alright, now, you sure? Phoebe just threw away two jacks because they didn't look happy...	yes
Phoebe: But... I'm ready, so, just deal.	neither
Chandler: OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson. (holds up two cards) Joey... three... eight. Eight... three. (Joey is unamused) Alright babe, deal the cards. (Time lapse.)	neither
Monica: (throws down her cards) Dammit, dammit, dammit!	neither
Phoebe: (to Joey): Oh I see, so then, you were lying.	neither
Joey: About what?	neither
Phoebe: About how good your cards were.	neither
Joey: Heh... I was bluffing.	neither
Phoebe: A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?	yes
Rachel: OK, sorry to break up this party, but I've got resumes to fax before work tomorrow... (gets up to leave)	neither
Guys: Whoa, whoa, whoa!	neither
Chandler: Rach, Rach, we gotta settle.	neither
Rachel: Settle what?	neither
Chandler: The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...	yes
Ross: The game, Rachel, the game. You owe us money for the game.	neither
Rachel: Oh. Right.	neither
Joey: You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?	neither
Monica: Hell no, we'll pay!	neither
Phoebe: OK, Monica? I had another answer all ready.	neither
Monica: And you know what? We want a rematch.	neither
Ross: Well that's fine with me. Could use the money.	neither
Rachel: (to Ross): So basically, you get your ya-yas by taking money from all of your friends.	neither
Ross: (pause)...Yeah.	neither
Chandler: Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.	neither
Ross: Look, Rachel, this is poker. I play to win, alright? In order for me to win, other people have to lose. So if you're gonna play poker with me, don't expect me to be a 'nice guy,' OK? Cause once those cards are dealt... (claps hands three times)	neither
Joey: (pause)...Yeah?	neither
Ross: I'm not a nice guy.	neither
[Scene: Ross' apartment. Chandler and Joey are there. Ross enters with a pizza.]	0
Ross: Alright boys, let's eat.	neither
Chandler: Oh, did you get that from the 'I Love Rachel' pizzeria?	yes
Ross: You still on that?	neither
Chandler: Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? (mimicking): &quot;When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!&quot;	neither
Ross: You are way off, pal.	neither
Joey: No, I don't think so, see Ross, because I think you love her.	neither
Ross: Um.... no. See, I might've had feelings for her at one time&#151;not any more. I just&#151;I... (Marcel makes a screeching noise in background.)	neither
Ross: Marcel! Where are you going with that disc? (Marcel puts a CD in the player.)	neither
Ross: You are not putting that on again! Marcel, OK&#151;if you press that button, you are in very, very big trouble. (The Lion Sleeps Tonight starts to play. Marcel starts to dance.)	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel, Monica, and Phoebe are there.]	0
Rachel: (opening mail) Can you believe what a jerk Ross was being?	neither
Monica: Yeah, I know. He can get really competitive.	neither
Phoebe: Ha. Ha, ha.	neither
Monica: What?	neither
Phoebe: Oh, hello, kettle? This is Monica. You're black.	yes
Monica: Please! I am not as bad as Ross.	neither
Rachel: Oh, I beg to differ. The Pictionary incident?	neither
Monica: That was not an incident! I-I was gesturing, a-and the plate slipped out of my hand.	neither
Rachel: Oooooh. (reads letter) (surprised): Oh! I got an interview! I got an interview!	neither
Monica: You're kidding! Where? Where?	neither
Rachel: (in disbelief): Sak's... Fifth... Avenue.	neither
Monica: Oh, Rachel!	happy
Phoebe: Oh, it's like the mother ship is calling you home.	happy
Monica: Well, what's the job?	neither
Rachel: Assistant buyer. Oh! I would be shopping... for a living! (Knock on door.)	neither
Monica: OK, look. That is Aunt Iris. This woman has been playing poker since she was five. You gotta listen to every word she says. (opens door) Hi! Aunt Iris: Is Tony Randall dead?	neither
Rachel: No.	neither
Monica: I don't think so.	neither
Rachel: Why? Aunt Iris: Well, he may be now, because I think I hit him with my car.	neither
Monica: What?	neither
Rachel: Oh my God!	neither
Monica: Really? Aunt Iris: No! That's bluffing. Lesson number one. (walks into kitchen) Let me tell you something... everything you hear at a poker game is pure crap. (to Phoebe): Nice earrings.	neither
Phoebe: Thank y... (thinks about it) Aunt Iris: Girls, sit down.	neither
Monica: Uh, Aunt Iris? This is Phoebe, and that's Rachel... Aunt Iris: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, listen, I am parked at a meter. Let's do it.	neither
[Scene: Ross's apartment, everyone but Rachel is seated around his table. The Lion Sleep Tonight plays in the background.]	0
Phoebe: Ross, could we please, please, please listen to anything else?	neither
Ross: Alright. (Ross shuts off the CD player. Marcel runs into the bedroom and slams the door.)	neither
Ross: I'm gonna pay for that tonight. (Knock on door. Ross opens it. Rachel enters.)	neither
Rachel: Hi!	neither
Ross: Hey.	neither
Rachel: Guys! Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what!	neither
Chandler: Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?	yes
Rachel: Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, and&#151;oh, I went to camp with her cousin... And, oh, the job is perfect. I can do this. I can do this well!	happy
All: That's great! That's wonderful!	happy
Rachel: Oh God, oh, and then she told the funniest story...	happy
Monica: OK, great. You'll tell us and we'll laugh. Let's play poker.	happy
Joey: Alright now listen, you guys, we talked about it, and if you don't want to play, we completely understand.	happy
Chandler: Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary? (The guys all duck under the table.)	yes
Monica: Ha, ha, very funny, very funny. But I think we'd like to give poker another try. Shall we, ladies? Phoebe and Rachel: Yes, we should. I think we should.	neither
Ross: Uh, Rach, do you want me to shuffle those?	neither
Rachel: No, no, thats OK. Y'know, I think I'm gonna give it a go.	neither
Ross: Alright.	neither
Rachel: Alright... (shuffles cards expertly, all the guys stare in amazement) Commercial Break	neither
[Scene: Ross's Apartment, continued from earlier.]	0
Ross: So, Phoebs owes $7.50, Monica, you owe $10, and Rachel, you owe fifteen big ones.	neither
Joey: But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.	yes
Phoebe: Alright, here's my $7.50. (Hands them the money) But I think you should know that this money is cursed.	neither
Joey: What?	neither
Phoebe: Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.	neither
Chandler: That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.	yes
Ross: Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...	neither
Rachel: Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women. (hands over her money)	yes
Monica: You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.	neither
Rachel: Hmm. Kinda stepped on my point there, Mon.	?
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there ready for another poker game.]	0
Ross: So, you gals wanna hand over your money now? That way, we don't have to go through the formality of actually playing.	yes
Rachel: Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.	yes
Monica: OK, we done with the chit-chat? Are we ready to play some serious poker?	neither
Phoebe: (holding a card and waving it in front of her face) Hey you guys, look, the one-eyed jack follows me wherever I go. (they look at her) Right, OK, serious poker. (Ross gets up from the table.)	neither
Monica: Excuse me, where are you going?	neither
Ross: Uh... to the bathroom.	neither
Monica: Do you want to go to the bathroom, or do you wanna play poker?	neither
Ross: I want to go to the bathroom. (exits)	neither
Joey: Alright, well, I'm gonna order a pizza. (gets up)	neither
Rachel: Oh no-no-no-no-no, I'm still waiting to hear from that job and the store closes at nine, so you can eat then.	neither
Joey: That's fine. I'll just have a Tic-Tac to hold me over.	neither
Monica: Alright, Cincinnati, no blinds, everybody ante. (deals cards)	neither
Phoebe: (looks at her cards) Yes! (everyone looks at her) .... or no. (Ross comes back from bathroom.)	neither
Ross: Alright. (to Rachel): Your money's mine, Green.	neither
Rachel: Your fly is open, Geller. (he checks it, and zips up) (Time lapse.)	neither
Phoebe: You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?	neither
Chandler: Hey, that's... that's 'joincidence' with a 'C'!	neither
Joey: Uh... Phoebe? Phoebe?	neither
Phoebe: Yeah. Um... I'm out. (throws in cards)	neither
Rachel: I'm in.	neither
Monica: Me too.	neither
Joey: Me too. Alright, whattaya got.	neither
Ross: Well, you better hop outta the shower, cause... I gotta flush. (lays down cards)	0
Rachel: Well, well, well, hop back in bucko, cause I got four sixes! (lays down cards) I won! I actually won! Oh my God! Y'know what? (collects chips) I think I'm gonna make a little Ross pile. (holds up a chip) I think that one was Ross's, and I think&#151;oh&#151;that one was Ross's. Yes! (Starts singing): Well, I have got your money, and you'll never see it... (Ross stands up.)	neither
Rachel: And your fly's still open... (Ross looks down.)	neither
Rachel: Ha, I made you look.... (Time lapse.)	neither
Rachel: I couldn't be inner. Monica?	neither
Phoebe: Monica, in or out?	neither
Monica: (slams down cards) I hate this game! (Joey slides a plate away from Monica towards Chandler, who hides it under the table.)	neither
Phoebe: OK Joey, your bet.	neither
Joey: Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. (the girls look at him, confused) Oh, I'm out.	neither
Phoebe: Ross?	neither
Ross: Oh, I am very in.	neither
Phoebe: Chandler?	neither
Chandler: Couldn't be more out. (throws in cards)	neither
Phoebe: Me too. Rachel.	neither
Rachel: Uh, I will see you... and I'll raise you. (throws chips in pot) What do you say... want to waste another buck?	neither
Ross: No, not this time. (he folds) So... what'd you have?	neither
Rachel: I'm not telling. (collects chips)	neither
Ross: Come on, show them to me. (reaches for her cards, Rachel covers them up)	neither
Rachel: No..!	neither
Ross: Show them to me!	neither
Rachel: Get your hands out of there! No!	neither
Ross: Let me see! Show them!	neither
Chandler: Y'know, I've had dates like this.	yes
Rachel: (deals new hand) Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...	neither
Phoebe: Plus that shirt doesn't really match those pants. (Ross is visibly upset.)	neither
Ross: First of all, I'm not losing...	neither
Rachel: Oh, you are losing. Definitely losing. (phone rings)	neither
Ross: Let's not talk about losing. Just deal the...	neither
Rachel: (answering phone) Hel-lo, Rachel Green.	neither
Ross: (mimicking Rachel) Mee mee, mee-mee mee.	yes
Rachel: (on phone) Excuse me. (covers up phone; to Ross) It's about the job. (Rachel walks into kitchen to talk on the phone.)	neither
Rachel: Barbara! Hi, how are you? (Listens) Uh-huh. (Listens) No, I understand. Yeah. Oh, oh, come on, no, I'm fine. Don't be silly. Yeah... oh, but you know, if-if anything else opens up, plea&#151;Hello? Hello? (hangs up phone, very depressed) (Rachel goes back and sits down. The rest don't know what to say.)	neither
Monica: Sorry, Rach.	sad
Phoebe: Y'know, there's gonna be lots of other stuff.	neither
Rachel: Yeah...(sigh)....OK. Where were we? Oh, OK... five card draw, uh... jacks or better... nothing wild, everybody ante.	neither
Joey: Look, Rachel, we don't have to do this.	neither
Rachel: Yes, we do. (pause)	neither
Monica: Alright, check.	neither
Joey: Check.	neither
Ross: I'm in for fifty cents. (throws it in)	neither
Chandler: Call.	neither
Phoebe: I'm in.	neither
Rachel: I see your fifty cents... and I raise you... five dollars. (throws it in)	neither
Ross: I thought, uh... it was a fifty cent limit.	neither
Rachel: Well, I just lost a job, and I'd like to raise the bet five bucks. Does anybody have a problem with that? (Everyone says no and folds, except for Ross, who thinks about it.)	neither
Rachel: (to Ross): Loser? (Chandler, Monica, Joey, and Phoebe back their chairs away from the table.)	neither
Ross: No, I fold. (lays cards down, and gets up)	neither
Rachel: What do you mean, you fold? Hey, come on! What is this? I thought that 'once the cards were dealt, I'm not a nice guy.' I mean, what, were you just full of it? (Ross thinks it over, finally sits down and picks up his cards.)	neither
Ross: I'm in. (throws in chips)	neither
Rachel: How many you want?	neither
Ross: One. (Rachel gives him the card.)	neither
Rachel: Dealer takes two. (she deals herself two cards) What do you bet?	neither
Ross: I bet two dollars. (throws it in)	neither
Rachel: OK... see your two... and I raise you twenty. (throws it in)	neither
Ross: I see your twenty, raise you twenty-five. (throws it in) (The other four look amazed at the large pot.)	neither
Rachel: See your twenty-five...and...uh, Monica, get my purse. (Monica gets up, looks in Rachel's purse.)	neither
Monica: Rachel, there's nothing in it.	neither
Rachel: OK, then get me your purse. (Monica gets Rachel her purse.)	neither
Monica: OK, here you go. Good luck.	neither
Rachel: (to Monica): Thank you. (to Ross): I saw your twenty-five, and I raise you... seven.	neither
Phoebe: ...teen! (throws in a ten-dollar bill) (Ross looks in his wallet, pulls out two dollars.)	neither
Ross: (to Joey): Joey, I'm a little shy.	neither
Joey: That's OK, Ross, you can ask me. What? (Ross looks at Joey, dumbfounded at his stupidity.)	neither
Chandler: (to Ross): What do you need, what do you need?	neither
Ross: Fifteen.	neither
Chandler: Alright, here's ten. (gives it to him)	neither
Joey: Here, I got five, I got five. (Ross takes the money)	neither
Ross: Thank you.	neither
Chandler: Good luck.	neither
Ross: (to Rachel): OK, I am calling your seventeen. What do you got? (Long pause as they both look at each other.)	neither
Rachel: (lays down cards) Full house. (Ross stares at her. Thinks about it. Puts cards on table, face down.)	neither
Ross: You got me. (Monica and Phoebe get up and start celebrating in the kitchen, pouring wine and singing. Rachel, shocked, goes to join them.)	neither
Joey: (to Ross): Ahhh, that's alright. Y'know, that's a tough hand to beat.	neither
Chandler: (to Ross): I thought we had them!	neither
Ross: Oh, well, when you don't have the cards, you don't have the cards, you know. (looks at Rachel) But, uh... look how happy she is. (smiles) (Chandler and Joey look at her, and then look back at him. They dive for Ross's hand to see what he had, and he tries to stop them from looking.) Closing Credits	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, all six are playing Pictionary at Monica's apartment. Monica is drawing a picture, and the three guys are guessing. She draws what looks like an airplane.]	0
Chandler: Airplane! Airport! Airport '75! Airport '77! Airport '79! (Timer goes off.)	neither
Rachel: Oh, time's up.	neither
Monica: (pointing at the drawing, upset) Bye... bye... BIRDIE.	neither
Joey: Oh!	neither
Phoebe: That's a bird? (Monica glares at Phoebe.)	neither
Phoebe: That's a bird! (Monica sits, Rachel gets up.)	neither
Rachel: OK, OK, it's my turn. (reads the answer)	neither
Chandler: Go. (Rachel starts drawing what looks like a bean.)	neither
Ross: Uh.... bean! Bean! (Rachel begins tapping the picture of the bean frantically.)	neither
Joey: (triumphantly) The Unbearable Likeness of Being!	neither
Rachel: Yes!	neither
Monica: That, you get? That, you get? (Monica picks up a glass to take a drink, everyone ducks as though she was about to throw it.) End	neither
The One Where the Monkey Gets Away Written by: Jeffrey Astrof &amp; Mike Sikowitz Transcribed by: guineapig {Transcriber's Note: The credits list two characters, Tia and Samantha, who I assume are the sweaty women Joey and Chandler meet. However, I don't know which is which, so I've simply called them Woman #1 and Woman #2.}	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is talking to a customer.]	0
Rachel: Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley, Blackberry, and.. oh, wait, there's one more, um.. Lemon Soother. You're not the guy that asked for the tea, are you? (Guy shakes his head) Okay. Opening Credits	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, Monica enters with some mail.]	0
Monica: Mail call, Rachel Green, bunk seven.	neither
Rachel: Thank you. (Examines it) Oh, cool! Free sample of coffee!	neither
Monica: Oh good! 'Cause where else would we get any?	neither
Rachel: Oh. Right. ...Oh great.	neither
Monica: What is it?	neither
Rachel: Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the engagement notices for 'inspiration.' Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Barry and Mindy!	neither
Monica: Barry who you almost...?	neither
Rachel: Barry who I almost.	neither
Monica: And Mindy, your maid of...?	neither
Rachel: Mindy, my maid of. Oh!	neither
Monica: (Takes it) That's Mindy? Wow, she is pretty. (Sees Rachel's look) Lucky. To have had a friend like you.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel and Ross are eating Chinese.]	0
Ross: Marcel. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Good boy. Good boy. C'mere, gimme the rice. (Marcel brings the rice) Thank you, good boy. Well, I see he's finally mastered the difference between 'bring me the' and 'pee in the'. (Rachel ignores him) 'Bring me the' and- Rach?	no
Rachel: What?	no
Ross: Hi.	no
Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so stupid! I mean, I gave Barry up, right? I should be happy for them! I am, I'm happy for them.	no
Ross: Really.	no
Rachel: No. Oh, oh, I guess it would be different if I were- with somebody.	no
Ross: Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?	yes
Rachel: Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw, animal, sexual...	no
Ross: Wait-wait. I, I got it. I was there.	no
Rachel: Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?	no
Ross: Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could-could curl your toes, might just be the one who... (Enter the other four)	no
Monica: Hi.	no
Ross: ...Gets interrupted. Hi!	no
Rachel: Hi, how was the movie?	no
Monica: Wonderful!	no
Phoebe: So good!	no
Joey: Suck-fest.	no
Chandler: Toootal chick-flick.	no
Phoebe: I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going really fast...	no
Joey: Hey, I don't need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little nudity.	no
Monica: There was nudity!	no
Joey: I meant female nudity. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant frolicking. Monica and Phoebe: Hugh! Hugh Grant!	yes
Ross: Alright, I've gotta go. C'mon, Marcel! C'mon! We're gonna go take a bath. Yes we are, aren't we? Yes, we are.	no
Chandler: They're still just friends, right?	yes
Rachel: (To Marcel) And I will see you tomorrow!	no
Ross: That's right, you're gonna spend tomorrow at Aunt Rachel's, aren't you.	no
Monica: Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?	no
Ross: 'Pwease, Aunt Monica, pwease?' Oh, unclench. You're not even gonna be there.	no
[Scene: Joe-G's Pizza, the guys are there.]	0
Chandler: I can't believe we are even having this discussion.	neither
Joey: I agree. I'm, like, in disbelief.	neither
Chandler: I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?	neither
Ross: I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.	neither
Joey: She really said that?	neither
Ross: Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.	neither
Joey: 'Tonight' tonight?	neither
Ross: Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...	neither
Chandler: I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.	yes
Ross: Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.	neither
Chandler: Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is taking care of Marcel and they are watching a soap opera.]	0
Rachel: Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- (Marcel pushes down a cushion to reveal a shoe) Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe? (Takes the shoe into the kitchen) Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh! (She notices the newsletter and taps the contents of the shoes onto it, then folds it shut) Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. (She leaves the apartment holding the newsletter at arm's length. However, she leaves the door open. Marcel runs out in the opposite direction. There is a shot from the TV and Rachel runs back in) Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- (Looks down and notices he is missing) Marcel? Marc- (Notices the open door) [Time lapse. Now everyone but Ross and Phoebe is back at Monica and Rachel's.]	yes
Joey: How could you lose him?	neither
Rachel: I don't know. We were watching TV, and then he pooped in Monica's shoe-	neither
Monica: Wait. He pooped in my shoe? Which one?	neither
Rachel: I don't know. The left one.	neither
Monica: Which ones?	neither
Rachel: Oh. Oh, those little clunky Amish things you think go with everything.	yes
Phoebe: (Entering) Hey.	neither
All: Hi.	neither
Phoebe: Whoah, ooh, why is the air in here so negative?	neither
Chandler: Rachel lost Marcel.	neither
Phoebe: Oh no, how?	neither
Monica: He- he pooped in my shoe.	neither
Phoebe: Which one?	neither
Monica: Those cute little black ones I wear all the time.	neither
Phoebe: No, which one? The right or left? 'Cause the left one is lucky...	neither
Rachel: C'mon, you guys, what're we gonna do, what're we gonna do?	neither
Joey: Alright alright. You're a monkey. You're loose in the city. Where do you go?	neither
Chandler: Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.	yes
Rachel: Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!	neither
Monica: Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and fourth.	neither
Rachel: Well, what'm I gonna do? What'm I gonna do?	neither
Monica: Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill you. (They all leave)	yes
Rachel: Anybody wanna trade? Oh... [Cut to a hallway in the building, Monica and Phoebe are knocking on a door. Mr. Heckles emerges.] Mr. Heckles: Whaddyou want?	neither
Monica: Mr. Heckles, our friend lost a monkey. Have you seen it? Mr. Heckles: I left a Belgian waffle out here, did you take it?	yes
Monica: No!	neither
Phoebe: Why would you leave your Belgian waffle in the hall? Mr. Heckles: I wasn't ready for it.	?
Monica: A monkey. Have you seen a monkey? Mr. Heckles: Saw Regis Philbin once...	yes
Phoebe: Okay, thank you, Mr. Heckles. (They move off) Mr. Heckles: You owe me a waffle. [Cut to Monica and Rachel's.]	yes
Rachel: (On the phone) Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian monkey with a white face... (Enter Ross) ...with, with Russian dressing and, and pickles on the side. Okay. Thanks.	neither
Ross: Hey. How did, uh, how'd it go today?	neither
Rachel: Great! It went great. Really great. Hey, is that wine?	neither
Ross: Yeah. You, uh, you want some?	neither
Rachel: Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?	neither
Ross: Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff? (Uncorks the wine) Well-	yes
Rachel: Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.	neither
Ross: Okay, quick and painful. (Starts to cork the wine)	neither
Rachel: Oh God... Okay. Alright. Alright. Okay. Ross, please don't hate me.	neither
Ross: Oh, what? What-what?	neither
Rachel: Y'know Marcel?	neither
Ross: ...Yeah?	neither
Rachel: Well, I kind of... I kind of lost him. [Cut to outside the window, with Ross reacting with disbelief. The shot pans back until we see Marcel sitting on the window ledge.] Commercial Break	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.]	0
Ross: (Angry) I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.	neither
Rachel: I know, I know, I'm sorry-	neither
Ross: No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off with a monkey. I should've started you off with like a pen or a pencil.	yes
Rachel: (Tearfully) Ross, I'm doing everything that I can, I've got everybody looking for him, and I- (Door buzzer goes and she runs to get it) Oh! Who is it?	neither
Intercom: Animal Control.	neither
Rachel: See? I've even called Animal Control!	neither
Ross: You called Animal Control?	neither
Rachel: Uh-huh... why... do you not like them?	neither
Ross: Marcel is an illegal exotic animal. I'm not allowed to have him in the city. If they find him, they'll take him away from me.	neither
Rachel: O-okay, now see, you never ever ever told us that...	neither
Ross: That's right, I.. 'cause I didn't expect you were gonna invite them to the apartment! (A knock on the door. Rachel swiftly opens it)	yes
Rachel: Hi, thanks for coming.	neither
Luisa: (Animal Control) Somebody called about a monkey?	neither
Rachel: Oh, y'know what? That was a complete misunderstanding! (Ross puts his arms around her and they act all sweetness and light)	neither
Ross: Yeah, we thought we had a monkey, but we-we didn't.	neither
Rachel: Turned out it was a hat.	neither
Ross: Cat!	neither
Rachel: Cat! What'm I saying? Cat! (Luisa nods, but then Monica and Phoebe run in)	neither
Monica: Hi. We checked the third and fourth floor, no-one's seen Marcel.	neither
Luisa: Marcel?	neither
Ross: My uncle Marcel.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, is that who the monkey's named after?	neither
Luisa: Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in prison and confiscation of the animal?	neither
Phoebe: Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?	neither
Monica: Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?	yes
Phoebe: Yes, but there isn't always time!	neither
Monica: Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven't been introduced, I'm Monica Geller.	neither
Luisa: Oh my God, you are! And you're Rachel Green!	happy
Rachel: Yeah!	neither
Luisa: Luisa Gianetti! Lincoln High? I sat behind you guys in home room!	neither
Rachel: Luisa? Oh my God! Monica! It's Luisa!	happy
Monica: The Luisa from home room!	neither
Rachel: Yes!!	neither
Luisa: You have no idea who I am, do you.	neither
Monica: No, none at all.	neither
Rachel: None.	neither
Luisa: Well, maybe that's because you spent four years ignoring me. I mean, would it have been so hard to say 'Morning, Luisa'? Or 'Nice overalls'?	neither
Monica: Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!	neither
Luisa: Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. (To Rachel) But you? What a bitch!	neither
Rachel: What?!	neither
Monica: Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?	neither
Luisa: I could... but I won't. If I find that monkey, he's mine. (Leaves)	neither
Phoebe: Dun-dun-duuuur! Sorry. [Cut to another part of the building. We see Marcel jump in through a window and run down some stairs, then Chandler and Joey come down from the upper floor without noticing.]	neither
Chandler: Marcel?	neither
Joey: Marcel?	neither
Chandler: Marcel?	neither
Joey: Marcel? (They come to a door and silently agree to try it. A very sweaty woman emerges) Woman No. 1: Hi, can I help you? (Chandler and Joey are dumbstruck for a moment)	neither
Chandler: Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we-we were looking for something...	neither
Joey: A monkey.	neither
Chandler: Yes have you seen any? Woman No. 1: No. No, haven't seen a monkey. Do you know anything about fixing radiators?	neither
Joey: Um, sure! Did you, uh, did you try turning the knob back the other way? Woman No. 1: Of course.	neither
Joey: Oh. Then, no. (Another sweaty woman comes to the door and speaks to her friend) Woman No. 2: Did I put too much rum in here? (Joey and Chandler shoot each other glances) Woman No. 1: Just a sec. (To Chandler and Joey) Hope you find your monkey. (She starts to shut the door)	neither
Chandler: Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.	neither
Joey: Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?	neither
Chandler: Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.	neither
Joey: We can't, alright? (To the women) We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out. (The women quickly shut the door)	neither
Chandler: Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.	neither
Joey: Marcel?	neither
Chandler: Marcel?! [Cut to Monica and Phoebe searching the basement.]	neither
Phoebe: Marcel?	neither
Monica: Marcel?	neither
Phoebe: Marcel?	neither
Both: Marcel?	neither
Phoebe: Oh-my-God!	neither
Monica: Whaaat!	neither
Phoebe: Something just brushed up against my right leg!	neither
Monica: What is it?	neither
Phoebe: Oh, it's okay, it was just my left leg. (Marcel makes a monkeyish noise. He is sitting in the corner)	neither
Monica: Look, Phoebe!	neither
Phoebe: Yeah! Oh, c'mere, Marcel! Oh, Marcel, c'mere! (Luisa appears on the stairs)	neither
Luisa: Step aside, ladies! (She loads a gun)	neither
Monica: What're you gonna do?	neither
Luisa: Just a small tranquiliser. (In slow motion we see Phoebe look at Marcel, then at Luisa. She jumps toward Marcel just as Luisa fires the gun.)	neither
Monica: Run, Marcel, run! Run, Marcel! (Marcel runs off and Luisa runs after him. Monica goes to check up on Phoebe) Are you okay?	neither
Phoebe: Yeah, think so. Oh! (She notices the tranquiliser dart has hit her in the butt and removes it) Huh. (Sways back) Whoah.	neither
Monica: Oh gosh. [Cut to Marcel walking along a hallway. He notices a banana on the floor and picks it up. The hand of an unseen person grabs him and carries him away. Then cut to Ross and Rachel on the street outside.]	neither
Ross: Marcel?	neither
Rachel: Marcel?	neither
Ross: Marc- oh, this is ridiculous! We've been all over the neighbourhood. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.	neither
Rachel: Ross, you don't know that.	neither
Ross: Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village. (Kicks a sign in frustration) And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.	yes
Rachel: Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. (Kicks the sign) Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!	yes
Ross: Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!	yes
Rachel: Y'know, it is not like I did this on purpose.	neither
Ross: Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I mean, you're off in Rachel-land, doing your Rachel-thing, totally oblivious to people's monkeys, or to people's feelings...	yes
Rachel: Ross.	neither
Ross: I don't even wanna hear it, you're just...	neither
Rachel: Ross.	neither
Ross: Oh, forget it, okay?	neither
Rachel: Ross!	neither
Ross: What? What? (A man carrying a box of bananas walks past them. They stare for a minute and then hobble after him)	neither
Both: Hey! Hey, Bananaman! (Scene 4: Everyone in the hall outside Mr. Heckles' door. Ross is carrying the box of bananas. He bangs on the door)	neither
Phoebe: Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea. (Mr. Heckles opens the door)	neither
Ross: Hi, did you order some bananas? Mr. Heckles: What about it?	neither
Ross: Gimme back my monkey. Mr. Heckles: I don't have a monkey.	neither
Rachel: Then what's with all the bananas? Mr. Heckles: Potassium. (There is a monkey-like noise from within and Ross pushes past Mr. Heckles and enters his apartment)	neither
Ross: Marcel? Marcel? Okay, where is he? Where is he? Marcel? Marcel? (Marcel jumps into view wearing a pink dress. Everybody gasps)	neither
Ross: Marcel! What've you done to him? Mr. Heckles: That's my monkey. That's Patti, Patti the monkey.	neither
Ross: Are you insane? C'mere, Marcel, c'mon. (Marcel starts to go to him) Mr. Heckles: C'mere, Patti. (Marcel turns round)	neither
Ross: C'mere, Marcel. (Turns to Ross) Mr. Heckles: C'mere, Patti. (Turns to Mr. Heckles)	neither
Luisa: (Out of shot) Here, monkey. Here, monkey! Here, monkey! (Marcel runs to the door and into Luisa's cage, which she slams shut) Gotcha.	neither
Ross: Okay, gimme my monkey back. Mr. Heckles: That's my monkey.	neither
Luisa: You're both gonna have to take this up with the judge. Mr. Heckles: That's not my monkey. Just the dress is mine, you can send that back whenever.	neither
Ross: Alright, I want my monkey.	neither
Luisa: No!	neither
Rachel: Oh, c'mon, Luisa!	neither
Luisa: Sorry, prom queen.	neither
Ross: (To Rachel) You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.	yes
Rachel: Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it!	neither
Luisa: Nope.	neither
Rachel: Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart?	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's. Rachel and Ross are there. Ross is trying to get the dress off Marcel.]	0
Ross: It'll be nice to get this off finally, won't it? Yes it will. (Marcel resists) Or we can leave it on for now, that's fine.	neither
Rachel: Y'know, with the right pair of pumps, that would be a great little outfit.	neither
Ross: Listen, I'm- I'm sorry I was so hard on you before, it's just I...	neither
Rachel: Oh, Ross, c'mon. It's my fault, I almost lost your...	neither
Ross: Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still have that, uh, that bottle of wine. You in the mood for, uh, something grape?	neither
Rachel: That'd be good.	neither
Ross: Alright. (He goes to get the glasses. Then he hesitates and turns off the main light. Rachel looks round and he acts surprised) The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming. (He sits down and starts to pour the wine) Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um... (Barry bursts in)	neither
Barry: Rachel.	neither
Rachel: Barry?!	neither
Barry: I can't. I can't do it, I can't marry Mindy. I think I'm still in love with you. Ross and Rachel: Oh!	neither
Ross: We have got to start locking that door! Closing Credits	yes
[Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Joey, Phoebe, and Chandler are looking through Monica's high school yearbook]	0
Monica: This is me in The Sound of Music. See the von Trapp kids?	neither
Phoebe: Nope.	neither
Monica: That's because I'm in front of them.	neither
Chandler: Eh. I thought that was an alp.	yes
Monica: Well, high school was not my favourite time.	neither
Joey: I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.	neither
Chandler: Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.	yes
Monica: Gosh, doesn't it seem like a million years ago?	neither
Phoebe: Oh. Oooh! Ooh! Ooh! (She stands up and starts to dance around) Ooh! My butt cheek is waking up! Oooh! Ooh! End	neither
The One With the Evil Orthodontist Written by: Doty Abrams Transcribed by: guineapig	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there.]	0
Chandler: I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr.Peanut than Mr.Salty.	neither
Joey: No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest snack there is.	neither
Ross: I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.	neither
Monica: (looking out of the window) Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some creep out there with a telescope!	neither
Ross: I can't believe it! He's looking right at us!	neither
Rachel: Oh, that is so sick.	neither
Chandler: I feel violated. And not in a good way.	neither
Phoebe: How can people do that?... (All but Phoebe walk away from the window in disgust.) Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots! Opening Credits	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, everyone but Rachel is there.]	0
Chandler: I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...	neither
Monica: So have you called her yet?	neither
Chandler: Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? (The girls make disgusted noises.) It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? (To the guys) I'm right, right? Joey and Ross: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Let her dangle.	neither
Monica: I can't believe my parents are actually pressuring me to find one of you people.	yes
Phoebe: Oh, God, just do it! (Grabbing the phone.) Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!	neither
Chandler: Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat. (Calls her, then hurriedly hangs up.) I got her machine.	?
Joey: Her answer machine?	neither
Chandler: No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.	yes
Phoebe: So, uh, why didn't you say anything?	neither
Chandler: Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase &quot;Yes indeedy-o.&quot;	neither
Monica: Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!	neither
Ross: Okay, okay, what's going on?	neither
Phoebe: Okay, they're just talking...	neither
Ross: Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?	neither
Phoebe: No, no actually, he's smiling.. and... Oh my God, don't do that!!	neither
Ross: What? What? What?!	neither
Phoebe: That man across the street just kicked that pigeon! (Rachel enters.) Oh!	neither
Chandler: (bluffing) And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law.	yes
All: Oh!... Right!	neither
Chandler: Hey Rach!	neither
Monica: How'd it go?	neither
Rachel: Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...	neither
Phoebe: Not a good day for birds...	yes
Rachel: Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...	neither
Ross: That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?	yes
Rachel: Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!	neither
Ross: That's, that's nice twice!	neither
Monica: Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?	neither
Joey: Duh, where've you been?	neither
Rachel: Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that? (Ross 'prompts' Chandler by hitting him on the arm.)	neither
Chandler: Yes!	neither
Rachel: Why?	neither
Chandler: I have my reasons.	neither
Monica: Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?	neither
Rachel: All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it!	neither
[Scene: Barry's Office, the post-coital Barry and Rachel are recovering on the chair.]	0
Rachel: Wow... Wow!	neither
Barry: Yeah.	neither
Rachel: I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.	neither
Barry: Nooo, it wasn't.	neither
Rachel: Ooh, and it's so nice having this little sink here...	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there except Rachel.]	0
Chandler: (on phone, reading from a script) Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. (Rattles some dishes) Bye-bye. (Hangs up.) Oh God!	neither
Monica: That's what you've been working on for the past two hours?!	neither
Chandler: Hey, I've been honing!	yes
Ross: What was with the dishes?	neither
Chandler: Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.	neither
Monica: (looking out the window) Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!	neither
Phoebe: Oh my God! (Walks to the window) Go away! (Gesturing.) Stop looking in here!	neither
Monica: Great, now he's waving back.	neither
Joey: Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!	neither
Monica: What kinda stuff?	neither
Joey: Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.	yes
Phoebe: You cook naked?	neither
Joey: Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters. (A pause as they look at Chandler.)	neither
Chandler: What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that.	neither
[Scene: Barry's Office, Rachel and Barry are getting dressed.]	0
Barry: What's the matter?	neither
Rachel: Oh, it's just... Oh, Barry, this was not good.	neither
Barry: No, it was. It was very very good.	neither
Rachel: Well, what about Mindy?	neither
Barry: Oh, way, way better than Mindy.	neither
Rachel: No, not that, I mean, what about you and Mindy?	neither
Barry: Well, if you want, I'll just&#151;I'll just break it off with her.	neither
Rachel: No. No-no-no-no, no. I mean, don't do that. Not, I mean not for me.	neither
Bernice: (over intercom) Dr. Farber, Bobby Rush is here for his adjustment.	neither
Barry: (into intercom) Thanks, Bernice. (To Rachel) Let's go away this weekend.	neither
Rachel: Oh, Barry..! Come on, this is all way too..	neither
Barry: We can, we can go to Aruba! When I went there on what would have been our honeymoon, it was, uh... it was really nice. You would've liked it. (Pause as Rachel realises...)	neither
Rachel: I had a bra. (Barry finds it draped on a cupboard and gives it to Rachel, they kiss as Bobby enters.)	neither
Bobby: Hey, Dr. Farber. (Rachel and Barry quickly split and pretend Barry is examining Rachel's mouth.)	neither
Barry: All right Miss Green, everything looks fine... Yep, I think we're starting to see some real progress here. (Bobby looks on, deadpan.)	neither
Rachel: What?!	neither
Bobby: I'm twelve, I'm not stupid. (Rachel glares at him.)	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler enters clutching his phone.]	0
Chandler: Can I use your phone?	neither
Monica: Yeah.. uh, but for future reference, that thing in your hand can also be used as a phone. (Chandler dials his own phone and it rings.)	yes
Chandler: Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?	neither
Joey: Maybe she never got your message.	neither
Phoebe: Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.	neither
Chandler: Y'don't think that makes me seem a little...	neither
Ross: ...desperate, needy, pathetic?	neither
Chandler: Ah, you obviously saw my personal ad. (He calls and quickly hangs up.)	yes
Phoebe: How many beeps?	neither
Chandler: She answered.	neither
Monica: Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.	yes
Chandler: I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy. (Rachel enters.)	yes
All: Hey! Hi!	neither
Phoebe: How'd he take it?	neither
Rachel: Pretty well, actually... (Wandering into the kitchen.)	neither
Monica: (wandering in after her) Uh, Rach... how come you have dental floss in your hair?	neither
Rachel: Oh, do I?	neither
Monica: Uh huh.	neither
Rachel: (in a low voice) We ended up having sex in his chair.	neither
Monica: You had sex in his chair?!... I said that a little too loudly, didn't I?	neither
Ross: You-you had what?	neither
Phoebe: Sex in his chair.	neither
Ross: What, uh... what were you thinking?	neither
Rachel: I don't know! I mean, we still care about each other. There's a history there. 'S'like you and Carol.	neither
Ross: No! No no, it is nothing like me and Carol!	neither
Rachel: Please. If she said to you, &quot;Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now,&quot; what would you say? (Ross flounders.)	neither
Chandler: If it helps, I could slide over.	neither
Ross: It's, it's, it's, uh, a totally diferent situation! It's, it's apples and oranges, it's, it's orthodontists and lesbi- I gotta go.	neither
Phoebe: Where are you going?	neither
Ross: (leaving) I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay? (Ross exits, a phone rings, and Chandler dives for his phone.)	neither
Chandler: Hello? Hello? (Rachel picks up their phone and the ringing stops.&nbsp; As she talks on the phone, an elaborate visual gag is spun out which is too difficult to describe in words.)	neither
Rachel: (on phone) Hello?(Listens) Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? (Listens) Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. (Listens) Really? (Listens) Oh. (Listens) Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Great... (Listens) Great... (Listens) All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! (Listens) Okay.. (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Bye. (Hangs up and sits down heavily.) Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.	neither
Chandler: So how's Mindy?	neither
Rachel: Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... (Does so, on phone) Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be! Commercial Break	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning.&nbsp; Chandler is sitting and staring at his phone.&nbsp; Monica enters and creeps up next to Chandler.]	0
Monica: Brrrrrrr! (Chandler clutches at his phone before realising.)	neither
Chandler: Hell is filled with people like you.	yes
Joey: (entering) He's back! The peeper's back! (Rachel enters from her room.)	neither
Joey: (ducking) Get down!	neither
Rachel: Get down?	neither
Chandler: ...And boogie!	neither
Rachel: Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.	yes
Monica: Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.	neither
Rachel: Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..	neither
Joey: (intrigued) Yeah?	neither
Rachel: And now, y'know, I'm like... I'm like the other woman! I feel so..	neither
Joey: ..Naughty!	neither
Rachel: Right, I'll see you guys later...	neither
Joey: Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform, or- (Rachel exits and slams the door in his face.) That's fine, yeah... (Joey exits.)	neither
Chandler: Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?	neither
Monica: Why don't you just take it with you?	neither
Chandler: Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?	yes
Monica: Why don't you just call her?	neither
Chandler: I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.	neither
Monica: Do you?	yes
Chandler: No! (Calls) Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! (Listens) I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. (Listens) Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. (Listens) Okay. (Puts down the phone.) (to Monica) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. (He starts doing a little jig.) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...	neither
Monica: Don't you have to pee?	neither
Chandler: 'S'why I'm dancing...	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is serving coffee as Mindy enters.]	0
Rachel: Mindy.	neither
Mindy: Hey, you.	neither
Rachel: Hey, you.... So, what's up?	neither
Mindy: Um.. we should really be sitting for this.	neither
Rachel: Sure we should... So.	neither
Mindy: Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for maybe Laurie Schaffer, who I don't talk to anywhere, 'cause she's all bitter now that she lost the weight and it turns out she doesn't have a pretty face. ....Okay, I'm just gonna ask you this once, and I want a straight answer.	neither
Rachel: Okay.	neither
Mindy: Will you be my maid of honour?	neither
Rachel: Of course!	neither
Mindy: Oh that's so great!	neither
Rachel: Was that all you wanted to ask me?	neither
Mindy: That's all!	neither
Rachel: Ohhhh!! (Mindy starts to sob.) ...What? What?	neither
Mindy: That's not all.	neither
Rachel: Oh sure it is!	neither
Mindy: Oh no, it isn't! No! I think Barry is seeing someone in the city.	neither
Rachel: Um, what- what would make you think that?	neither
Mindy: Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he came home smelling like Chanel.	neither
Rachel: (draws back) Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.	neither
Mindy: Oh God! You see, that's what I was afraid of!	neither
Rachel: What? What's what you were afraid of?	neither
Mindy: Okay, okay... when Barry was engaged to you, he and I...kind of... had a little thing on the side.	neither
Rachel: What?	neither
Mindy: I know. I know, and when he proposed to me, everyone said &quot;Don't do it, he's just gonna do to you what he did to Rachel,&quot; and now I feel so stupid.	neither
Rachel: Uh... Oh, Mindy, you are so stupid. Oh, we are both so stupid.	neither
Mindy: What do you mean?	neither
Rachel: (offers her arm to Mindy and she sniffs) Smell familiar?	neither
Mindy: Oh no.	neither
Rachel: Oh, I am so sorry.	neither
Mindy: No me, I am so sorry... (They hug and Joey enters.)	neither
Joey: (watches them for a while) Oh my.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Ross are doing a crossword, Monica is cooking, and Chandler is still staring at his phone.]	0
Ross: Four letters: &quot;Circle or hoop&quot;.	neither
Chandler: Ring dammit, ring!	neither
Ross: Thanks.	neither
Joey: (entering) Hey, you know our phone's not working?	neither
Chandler: What?!	neither
Joey: I tried to call you from the coffee shop, and there was no answer.	neither
Chandler: (investigating) I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!	neither
Monica: Just like you told her you did! (Chandler glares at her.) ... Just pointing out the irony.	neither
Joey: Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?	neither
Chandler: Nngghhh!!!!!!!	neither
Joey: (to Monica) Can I use your phone? (On phone) Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.	neither
Ross: &quot;Heating device.&quot;	neither
Phoebe: Radiator.	neither
Ross: Five letters.	neither
Phoebe: Rdtor.	neither
Joey: (on phone) Yeah, is Sidney there? (Listens) Oh, this is? (To the gang) Sidney's a woman.	neither
Monica: So she's a woman! So what?	neither
Joey: Yeah. Yeah, so what? (On phone) Look, I live across the street, (walking to the window) and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? (Listens) Yeah, I can see you right now! (Listens) Hello! (Listens) If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like&#151;(Listens)&#151;Thank you, but... that's not really the point... (Listens) The point is that... (Listens) Mostly free weights, but occasionally..	neither
Monica: Joey!!	neither
Joey: (on phone) Yeah, my neighbor... (Listens) Yeah, the brunette... (to Monica) She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.	neither
Monica: The green dress? Really?	neither
Joey: Yeah, she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.	neither
Monica: (waves dismissively to Sidney) Nooo!	neither
[Scene: Barry's Office, Barry is preparing his tools alone as Rachel enters.]	0
Rachel: Hey. Got a second?	neither
Barry: Sure, sure. Come on... (Mindy enters) ...in...	neither
Mindy: Hello, sweetheart.	neither
Barry: Uh... uh... what're'you... what're'you guys doing here?	neither
Rachel: Uh, we are here to break up with you.	neither
Barry: Both of you?	neither
Mindy: Basically, we think you're a horrible human being, and bad things should happen to you.	neither
Barry: I'm sorry... I'm sorry, God, I am so sorry, I'm an idiot, I was weak, I couldn't help myself! Whatever I did, I only did because I love you so much!	neither
Rachel: Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?	yes
Barry: ....Mindy. Mindy, of course Mindy, it was always Mindy.	neither
Rachel: Even when we were having sex in that chair?	neither
Barry: (to Mindy) I swear, whatever I was doing, I was always thinking of you.	neither
Rachel: Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!	yes
Mindy: (to Rachel) You did it twice?	neither
Rachel: Well, the first time didn't really count... I mean, y'know, 's'Barry.	neither
Mindy: Okay...	neither
Barry: (to Mindy) Sweetheart, just gimme- gimme another chance, okay, we'll start all over again. We'll go back to Aruba.	neither
Bernice: (over intercom) Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.	neither
Barry: Oh God... (Into intercom) I'll be right there, Bernice. (to Mindy) Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay? I'll be, I'll be right back. (Barry exits)	neither
Rachel: Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.	yes
Mindy: Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.	neither
Rachel: What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!	neither
Mindy: Look, I know he's not perfect, but the truth is, at the end of the day, I still really wanna be Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber, D.D.S.	neither
Rachel: Oh God.	neither
Mindy: I hope you can find some way to be happy for me. And I hope you'll still be my maid of honor...?	neither
Rachel: And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are there.]	0
Monica: You okay?	neither
Rachel: Yeah.	neither
Monica: Really?	neither
Rachel: Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know.	neither
Monica: Aww... (They hug) (Joey enters and looks on approvingly.)	neither
Joey: Big day. Closing Credits	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, everyone is there.]	0
Joey: All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got the top hat...	neither
Phoebe: You know he's gay?	neither
Ross: I just wanna clarify this: are you outing Mr. Peanut?	neither
Danielle: (entering) Chandler?	neither
Chandler: Danielle! Hi! Uh- everybody, this is Danielle, Danielle, everybody.	neither
All: Hi. Hi.	neither
Chandler: What are you doing here?	neither
Danielle: Well, I've been calling you, but it turns out I had your number wrong. And when I finally got the right one from Information, there was no answer. So I thought I'd just come down here, and make sure you were okay.	neither
Chandler: ...I'm, I'm okay.	neither
Danielle: Listen uh, maybe we could get together later?	neither
Chandler: That sounds good. I'll call you- or you call me, whatever...	neither
Danielle: You got it.	neither
Chandler: Okay.	neither
Danielle: G'bye, everybody.	neither
All: Bye.	neither
Phoebe: Whoo-hoo!	neither
Monica: Yeah, there you go!	neither
Ross: Second date!	neither
Chandler: ...I dunno.	neither
Rachel: You don't know?!	neither
Chandler: Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that? (They all groan and hit him..) End	yes
The One With The Fake Monica Written by: Adam Chase and Ira Ungerleider Transcribed by guineapig	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is looking at papers.]	0
Joey: How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?	neither
Monica: I have no idea. But look how much they spent!	neither
Rachel: Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.	neither
Monica: I know. It's just such reckless spending.	neither
Ross: I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.	neither
Chandler: Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.	yes
Monica: That's me.	neither
Phoebe: Oh! The yuk! Ross, he's doing it again! (Points to a lamp which is shaking behind the sofa)	neither
Ross: Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back- (Marcel runs toward Rachel's room) come here, Marcel-	neither
Rachel: Oh no, not in my room! I'll get him.	neither
Monica: Ross, you've got to do something about the humping.	neither
Ross: What? It's, it's just a phase.	neither
Chandler: Well, that's what we said about Joey...	yes
Ross: Would you all relax? It's not that big a deal.	neither
Rachel: (Out of shot) Stop it! Marcel! Bad monkey!	neither
Ross: What?	neither
Rachel: Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious. Opening Credits	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, late at night Monica is still examining her bill as Rachel emerges from her room.]	0
Rachel: Oh, Monica. You are not still going over that thing.	neither
Monica: This woman's living my life.	neither
Rachel: What?	neither
Monica: She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.	neither
Rachel: You're not an artist.	neither
Monica: Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.	neither
Rachel: Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things.	neither
Monica: Oh really? Okay, let's compare, shall we.	neither
Rachel: (Yawning) Oh, it's so late for 'Shall we'...	neither
Monica: Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?	neither
Rachel: (Yawning) Nooo...	neither
Monica: This is so unfair! She's got everything I want, and she doesn't have my mother.	yes
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey and Chandler are discussing stage names.]	0
Chandler: How about Joey... Pepponi?	neither
Joey: No, still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more neutral.	neither
Chandler: Joey... Switzerland? (The waitress brings their coffee.)	yes
Joey: Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big. (Waitress looks at him funny) Which I'm not.	neither
Chandler: Joe...Joe...Joe...Stalin?	neither
Joey: Stalin...Stalin...do I know that name? It sounds familiar.	neither
Chandler: Well, it does not ring a bell with me...	neither
Joey: (Writes it down) Joe Stalin. Y'know, that's pretty good.	neither
Chandler: Might wanna try Joseph. (Joey visibly thinks 'Of course!' and writes it down.)	neither
Joey: Joseph Stalin. I think you'd remember that!	neither
Chandler: Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is there as Phoebe and Rachel enter.]	0
Rachel: Hey.	neither
Phoebe: Hey.	neither
Monica: Hi. (On the phone) Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.	yes
Phoebe: What are you doing?	neither
Monica: (Hushes her) Alright, great. Thanks a lot. (Hangs up) I'm going to tap class.	neither
Rachel: What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?	neither
Monica: This woman's got my life, I should get to see who she is.	neither
Rachel: Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.	yes
Phoebe: This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, for the love of God, Monica, don't do it!! ...Thank you.	neither
[Scene: A Tap Class, the girls are standing at the door.]	0
Monica: What d'you think?	neither
Phoebe: Lotsa things. (They go in and sit down.)	neither
Rachel: Which one do you think she is? (The teacher comes up to them.)	neither
Teacher: May I help you?	neither
Monica: Oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe.	neither
Teacher: You don't observe a dance class. You dance<font size="5"> a dance class. Spare shoes are over there.	neither
Rachel: What does she mean?	neither
Phoebe: I think she means (Imitates) 'You dance<font size="5"> a dance class'. Oh, c'mon, c'mon. (They put on some spare shoes)	neither
Monica: Okay, d'y'see anybody you think could be me?	neither
Teacher: (To the class) People! Last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. Let's not have that happen again!	neither
Rachel: She could be you. (Music starts)	neither
Teacher: Let's get started. Five, six, a-five six seven eight... (Everyone starts to dance in unison. Monica flounders)	neither
Monica: Okay, I'm not getting this!	neither
Phoebe: (Dancing in a swirly, Phoebe kind of way) I'm totally getting it!	neither
Monica: Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated? (Rachel taps into view; she is in perfect sync with the rest of the class)	neither
Rachel: What? You just click when they click.	neither
Teacher: Alright people, now everyone grab a partner. (The girls are unsure how to pair off. Phoebe settles it)	neither
Phoebe: Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel.	neither
Monica: Great. It's gym class all over again. Phoebe and Rachel: Aww.	neither
Teacher: Well that's all right, you can come up to the front and dance with me.	neither
Monica: Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a nightmare. (She starts to walk very slowly toward the front of the room. The teacher grabs her hand and pulls her. Suddenly a woman bursts in)	yes
Woman: It's okay, it's okay, I'm here, I'm here. Sorry I'm late, okay, here I am. Who's the new tense girl?	neither
Teacher: She's your partner.	neither
Woman: Hi. I'm Monica.	neither
Monica: Oh. Monica! ...Hi. I'm Mo- ...nana.	neither
Woman: (Fake Monica) Monana?	neither
Monica: Yeah. It's Dutch. Fake Monica: You're kidding! I-I spent three years in Amsterdam. (Asks her something in Dutch)	neither
Monica: Um, Pennsylvania Dutch.	neither
Teacher: And we're dancing. A-five, six, seven, eight...	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is entering.]	0
Ross: (Mortified) Hi. Chandler and Joey: Hey.	neither
Joey: Where've you been?	neither
Ross: At the vet.	neither
Chandler: She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?	yes
Ross: She says Marcel's humping thing's not a phase. Apparently he's reached sexual maturity.	neither
Joey: (To Chandler) Hey! He beat ya.	yes
Ross: She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent.	neither
Chandler: So what does this mean?	neither
Ross: I'm gonna have to give him up. Commercial Break	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, scene continued from earlier.&nbsp; They guys are sitting there like the Three Monkeys.]	0
Joey: I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!	neither
Chandler: I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?	neither
Ross: I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.	neither
Joey: Isn't there any way you can keep him?	neither
Ross: No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he's just gonna get vicious. I've just gotta get him into a zoo.	neither
Joey: How do you get a monkey into a zoo?	neither
Chandler: I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.	yes
Ross: Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.	neither
Chandler: Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo. (Phoebe, Monica, and Rachel enters.)	yes
Phoebe: Hey. We found her, we found the girl.	neither
Chandler: What?	neither
Joey: Did you call the cops?	neither
Rachel: Nope. We took her to lunch.	neither
Chandler: Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.	yes
Ross: What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.	neither
Monica: Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is this astounding person, with this, with this amazing spirit.	neither
Ross: Yeah, which she probably stole from some cheerleader.	yes
Chandler: ...Take off their hats!	yes
Phoebe: Popes in a Volkswagen! ...I love that joke.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Rachel and Fake Monica are there.]	0
Rachel: No way. No way did you do this. Fake Monica: Monana was very brave.	neither
Monica: It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor! Fake Monica: So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...	neither
Monica: ...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!	neither
Rachel: Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up. (Exits) Fake Monica: Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.	neither
Monica: 'Scuse me? Fake Monica: There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say?	neither
Monica: Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class. Fake Monica: Well, that's just probably 'cause of your Amish background.	neither
Monica: What? Fake Monica: Well, you're Pennsylvania Dutch, right?	neither
Monica: Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned. Fake Monica: I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?	yes
Monica: Uh-huh. Fake Monica: I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.	neither
Monica: Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, tiem lapse.&nbsp; Everyone but Joey and Monica are there.]	0
Ross: (Reading letters) Oh God. (To Marcel) We didn't get into Scranton. (To the others) That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. See? I don't know who this is harder on, me or him.	neither
Phoebe: I'd say that chair's taking the brunt.	yes
Ross: Marcel! Marcel! Marcel, no! Good boy. See, how can nobody want him?	neither
Rachel: Oh, somebody will.	neither
Joey: (entering) You know there already is a Joseph Stalin?	neither
Chandler: You're kidding.	yes
Joey: Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've known that!	neither
Chandler: Y'know, you'd think I would've.	neither
Joey: Phoebe. Whaddyou think a good stage name for me would be?	neither
Phoebe: ...Flame Boy.	?
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is talking to Dr. Baldhara, a zookeeper.]	0
Ross: Where exactly is your zoo? Dr. Baldhara: Well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an interactive wildlife experience. Let me ask you some questions about, is it, uh, Marcel?	neither
Ross: Yes. Dr. Baldhara: Does he, uh, fight with other animals?	neither
Ross: No-no, he's, he's very docile. Dr. Baldhara: Even if he were... cornered?	neither
Ross: Well I, I don't know. Why? Dr. Baldhara: Uh, how is he at handling small objects?	neither
Ross: He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean... Dr. Baldhara: How about a hammer, or a small blade?	neither
Ross: Why- why- why would he need a blade? Dr. Baldhara: Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an animal with horns, you've got to give the little guy something. Otherwise it's just cruel. (Chandler and Joey burst in, with Marcel) Chandler and Joey: He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.	neither
Joey: We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...	neither
Chandler: ...He's in.	neither
Ross: He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego! Dr. Baldhara: You're making a big mistake here. I mean, San Diego's all well and good, but if you give him to me, I'll start him off against a blind rabbit and give you twenty percent of the gains.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is dusting. She comes to the table, lifts all the magazines and wipes under them, then just puts them down again. Monica bursts in, obviously drunk.]	0
Monica: Yo- hooo!	neither
Rachel: Where the hell've you been?	neither
Monica: Monica and I just crashed an embassy party.	neither
Rachel: Are you drunk?!	neither
Monica: Noooo! (Comes closer and whispers) I'm lying. I am so drunk.	neither
Rachel: Oh God, oh. Great, Monica, y'know what, you could've called, I have been up here, I've been worried... (Monica is drinking from the tap)	neither
Rachel: Monica? Monica!	neither
Monica: Water rules!	neither
Rachel: Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?	neither
Monica: Nope. Going to the Big Apple Circus today.	neither
Rachel: Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!	neither
Monica: No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana! (The phone rings and Rachel answers)	neither
Rachel: Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.	neither
Monica: Helloooo? Yeah. Oh my God. Thanks.	neither
Rachel: What?	neither
Monica: They've arrested Monica.	neither
[Scene: New York City Department of Correction, Monica is visiting Fake Monica.]	0
Monica: Hi. Fake Monica: Hey.	neither
Monica: How are you? Fake Monica: I'm not too bad. Fortunately, blue's my colour. How-how did you know I was here?	neither
Monica: Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using. Fake Monica: That I was not expecting.	neither
Monica: I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in. Fake Monica: Oh. Thanks.	neither
Monica: No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theater! Fake Monica: Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.	neither
Monica: I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus? Fake Monica: Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?	yes
Monica: Well, not... worried, just... wondering. Fake Monica: There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.	neither
Monica: Not necessarily... Fake Monica: Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.	neither
Monica: Um, I'm not actually Amish. Fake Monica: Really? Then why are you like that?	yes
[Scene: Tap Class, Monica is standing by the door.]	0
Teacher: You by the door. In or out?	neither
Monica: In. (She joins in the dancing. She still flounders)	neither
Teacher: You in the back, you're getting it all wrong!	neither
Monica: Yeah, but at least I'm doing it!	neither
[Scene: The Airport, everyone but Monica is there to see off Marcel.]	0
PA: This is the final boarding call for flight 67 to San Diego, boarding at gate 42A.	neither
Phoebe: Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane.	neither
Ross: Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe.	neither
Phoebe: Oh!	neither
Chandler: Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.	neither
Joey: I dunno what to say, Ross. Uh, it's a monkey.	neither
Ross: Just, just say what you feel.	neither
Joey: Marcel, I'm hungry.	neither
Ross: That was good.	?
Rachel: (Brings Marcel a teddy bear) Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the plane.	neither
Ross: Uh, if you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment, just me and him.	neither
All: Oh, sure. Sure, absolutely. (They just stand there, then realise what he means and go to the other end of the room)	neither
Ross: Marcel, c'mere, c'mere. (He sits down and Marcel jumps down and sits beside him) Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be- (Marcel climbs down and starts humping his leg) Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? Could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him. (Marcel is put in a cage and taken away.) Closing Credits	neither
[Scene: A Theater, there is a casting session going on for a play.]	0
Actor: (Very melodramatically, and very badly) Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might... touch thy cheek... Casting Director No. 1: That's fine, thank you. Casting Director No. 2: Next. (Joey walks onstage)	neither
Joey: Hi, uh, I'll be reading for the role of Mercutio. Casting Director No. 2: Name?	neither
Joey: Holden McGroin. End	neither
The One With the Ick Factor Written by: Alexa Junge Transcribed by: Mikael Hedberg	0
(Scene: Central Perk. Everyone is there.)	0
Monica: Tell him.	neither
Rachel: No.	neither
Phoebe: Tell him, tell him.	neither
Monica: Just...please tell him.	neither
Rachel: Shut up!	neither
Chandler: Tell me what?	neither
Monica: Look at you, you won't even look at him.	neither
Chandler: (sarcastically) Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.	yes
Rachel: All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...	neither
Phoebe: Doing it on this table. (points at the table)	neither
Chandler: Wow!	happy
Joey: Exellent dream score.	happy
Ross: Why, why, why would you dream that?	neither
Chandler: More importantly, was I any good?	neither
Rachel: Well, you were pretty damn good.	neither
Chandler: Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate. (Monica pats him on his lap)	neither
Rachel: Well, last night you seemed to know your way around the table.	neither
Ross: I love it, when we share. (Ross goes over to the counter. Chandler follows him.)	neither
Chandler: You're okay there?	neither
Ross: I can't belive you two had sex in her dream.	neither
Chandler: I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else's subconscious.	yes
Opening Credits	0
[Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier, Chandler is sitting on the table.]	0
Chandler: Hello Rachel.	neither
Rachel: Get off.	neither
Phoebe: (points at Joey's pen) Uh, uh, gimme. Can you see me operating a drill press?	neither
Joey: I don't know. What are you wearing? (Chandler, Monica and Phoebe looks at him)	neither
Ross: Pheebs, why would you want to operate a drill press?	neither
Phoebe: Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.	neither
Chandler: Pirates again?	neither
Phoebe: No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this &quot;massage-yourself-at-home-workshop.&quot; And they are.	neither
Joey: Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.	neither
Chandler: (sarcasticly) Thanks Joey, that's a good idea.	yes
Phoebe: What... I could, I could do it. What is it?	neither
Chandler: Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. (Ross looks at her.) It's a whole big boob story.	neither
Phoebe: I could be a secretary.	neither
Chandler: Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.	yes
Phoebe: I could do that. (Ross's beeper goes off)	neither
Rachel: What are you playing with?	neither
Ross: Oh, it's my new beeper.	neither
Joey: What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?	neither
Monica: Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. 'Help, come quick, they're still extinct.'	yes
Ross: No, it's for when Carol goes into labor. She can get me wherever I am. I mean, all she has to do is to dial 55-JIMBO.	neither
Chandler: A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.	neither
Monica: All right, I'll see you guys later. (raises)	neither
Rachel: Off to see young Ethan?	neither
Monica: Thank you.	neither
Joey: How young is young Ethan? Young?	neither
Monica: He's... our age.	neither
Chandler: When we were?	neither
Monica: Okay, he's a senior in college.	neither
Ross: College?	neither
Chandler: Whoa! And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?	yes
Monica: No, of course not. It's not even an issue. Cause I told him I was 22.	neither
All: What?	neither
Monica: Oh, I can't pass for 22?	neither
Phoebe: Well, maybe 25-26.	neither
Monica: I am 26.	neither
Phoebe: There you go.	neither
[Scene: Chandler's office, he and Phoebe are there when the phone starts ringing.]	0
Chandler: Can you hear that?	neither
Phoebe: (plays with a thumbtack remover) Yeah?	neither
Chandler: See that'll stop when you pick up the phone.	yes
Phoebe: Oh. Uh, I'm on. (picks up the phone)	neither
Phoebe: (with a deep voice) Mr. Bing's office. (Listens) No I'm sorry, he's in a meeting right now.	neither
Chandler: I'm not in a meeting. I'm right... Whoops.	neither
Phoebe: Will he know what this is in reference to? (Listens) And he has your number? (Listens) All right, I'll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.	neither
Chandler: What?	neither
Phoebe: Ross says hi.	neither
Chandler: Ah!	neither
Phoebe: This is so fun. All right, what do we do now?	neither
Chandler: Well, now, I actually have to get to work.	neither
Phoebe: Most likely. (raises and goes toward the door) Okay, I'm gonna be out there.	neither
Chandler: Okay.	neither
Phoebe: All right. Bye bye.	neither
Chandler: Bye bye. (The intercom buzzes)	neither
Chandler: (answering it) Yes?	neither
Phoebe: Whatcha doin'?	neither
Chandler: Ooh. (leans against the desk)	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are there. Monica is just finishing cleaning the windows.]	0
Monica: Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? (goes over to the kitchen to check on the dinner) No, cause I made lasagne. (to Rachel) Am I out of control?	neither
Rachel: Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.	neither
Monica: What?	neither
Rachel: Could tonight be the Night?	neither
Monica: I don't know. Look he's a great guy and I love being with him but... you know. Things happen, and they happen. You don't plan these things.	neither
Rachel: So, did you shave your legs?	neither
Monica: Yeah.	neither
Rachel: A-ha!	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Joey and Ross are there.]	0
Joey: Would you let it go Ross. It was just a dream. It doesn't mean... (Ross's beeper goes off)	neither
Ross: Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh this is it. Oh my god it's baby time. Baby time.	neither
Joey: All right, relax, relax. Just relax, just relax. Be cool, be cool. (Ross dials a number on his cellular phone)	neither
Ross: (on phone) Yeah, hi, I was just beeped. (pause) No, Andr is not here. (to Joey) Third time today. (on phone) Yes, I'm sure... No, sir. I don't perform those kind of services.	neither
Joey: Services? (Ross looks at him) Oh, services.	neither
Ross: (on phone) Yeah, you want 55-JUMBO. Yeah, that's right. That's right, JUMBO with a U, sir. (pause) No, belive me, you don't want me. Judging by his number, I'd be a huge disappointment. (pause) All rightie, bye bye. (Phoebe and Chandler enter)	neither
Joey: Hey, hey. How was the first day?	neither
Phoebe: Oh, exellent. Everyone was so, so nice.	happy
Chandler: See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes. (Joey and Ross wonder what he means) Me.	neither
Phoebe: No, I didn't tell anybody that I knew you.	neither
Chandler: Why not?	neither
Phoebe: Oh, because, you know... they don't like you.	neither
Chandler: What?!	neither
Phoebe: I thought you knew that.	neither
Chandler: Noho. Who doesn't they like me?	neither
Phoebe: Everyone. Except for uh... no everyone.	neither
Chandler: What are you talking about?	neither
Phoebe: Don't feel bad. You know they used to like you a lot. But then you got promoted, and, you know, now you're like &quot;Mr. Boss Man&quot;. You know, Mr. Bing. Mr. Bing, &quot;Boss Man Bing&quot;. (Joey and Ross laughs)	neither
Chandler: I can't belive it.	neither
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah. They even do you.	neither
Chandler: They do me?	neither
Phoebe: You know like... uh okay... uh... 'Could that report be any later?' (Joey and Ross laughs)	neither
Chandler: I don't sound like that.	neither
Ross: Oh, oh Chandler...	neither
Joey: Oh... Yeah, you do.	neither
Ross: 'The hills were alive with the sound of music.' (Phoebe, Joey and Ross laughs)	yes
Joey: (reaches for hi scones) My scones. Phoebe, Joey, and Ross: 'My scones.' (Phoebe, Joey and Ross laughs again)	yes
Chandler: Okay, I don't sound like that. That is so not true. (Joey and Chandler laughs)	neither
Chandler: That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up! (Phoebe, Joey and Ross laugh)	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Young Ethan are sitting in the couch.]	0
Monica: Did not. Young Ethan: I am telling you, up until I was, like nine, I thought that gunpoint was an actual place where crimes happen.	neither
Monica: How was that possible? Young Ethan: Well, think about it. It's always on the news. 'A man is being held up, at gunpoint.' 'Tourists are being terrorised, at gunpoint.' And I just kept thinking: why does people continue to go there? (He checks his watch.) Oh, ah. I should go.	neither
Monica: Okay. (They kiss) Young Ethan: Okay.	neither
Monica: Unless... Young Ethan: What?	neither
Monica: Uh, ah. Unless you wanna stay over? I mean, I'm going to, so... Young Ethan: Yeah, I'd really like that. (They kiss) Young Ethan: Uuh, before we get into any staying-over-stuff, there is something you should know.	neither
Monica: Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I'm secretly married to a goat?' Young Ethan: Well it's somewhere in between. You see, in a strictly technical sense, of course, I'm not uh..., well I, I mean I haven't ever uh...	neither
Monica: Ethan? Young Ethan: Yeah?	neither
Monica: Are you a virgin? Young Ethan: Well, if that's what you kids are calling it these days then, yes I am. I uh, I've kinda been waiting for the right person.	neither
Monica: Really? Young Ethan: Yeah. You do know I was talking about you, right? (They kiss) [Time lapse. They are now in Monica's bedroom, on the bed.] Young Ethan: Wow!	neither
Monica: You keep saying that. Young Ethan: You know, you read about it, you see it in the movies. Even when you practice it at home, man oh man, it is nothing like that. (They kiss)	neither
Monica: Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to. Young Ethan: Oh god, don't tell me, I did it wrong.	neither
Monica: No-no. Nothing wrong about that. Young Ethan: Oh.	neither
Monica: Um, okay, here it goes. I'm not 22. I'm, I'm 25... and thirteen months. Young Ethan: Huh!	neither
Monica: But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are. (They kiss) Young Ethan: Uh, listen um, as long as we're telling stuff, uh, I have another one for you. I'm a little younger than I said.	neither
Monica: You're not a senior? Young Ethan: Oh, I'm a senior... in High School.	neither
Monica: Ok...ay. Commercial Break	neither
[Scene: Monica's Bedroom, continued from earlier.]	0
Monica: What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn't alive during the Bicentennial. Young Ethan: I just had sex.	neither
Monica: Ethan, focus. How could you not tell me? Young Ethan: Well, you never told me how old you were.	neither
Monica: Well, that's different. My lie didn't make one of us a felon in 48 states. What were you thinking? Young Ethan: I wasn't thinking. I was too busy fallin'...	neither
Monica: Don't say it. (closes Ethan's mouth with her hand) Young Ethan: ...in love with you.	neither
Monica: Really? Young Ethan: (nods) Sorry.	neither
Monica: Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins. Young Ethan: Who?	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone exept Monica is there.]	0
Ross: (on phone) Okay, Andr should be there in like 45 minutes. All rightie, bye bye. (to Phoebe) Just easier that way.	neither
Chandler: Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.	neither
Rachel: No, forget it.	neither
Chandler: Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?	neither
Rachel: All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there. (Camera fades to Ross, who's listening very carefully) Joey was there too.	neither
Joey: All right. (Moves closer.)	neither
Ross: Was there...uh, huh, huh, huh... andybody, anybody else there.	neither
Rachel: No.	neither
Ross: You're sure? Nobody uh, handed out uh, mints or anything?	neither
Rachel: No, it was just the three of us.	neither
Ross: Huh!	neither
Joey: So, tell me. Was it like you and Chandler, and then you and me, or you and me and Chandler?	neither
Rachel: (laughs) You know what?	neither
Joey: What?	neither
Rachel: There were times when it wasn't even me. (Chandler and Joey laughs, until they look at each other then recoil in horror.)	yes
Phoebe: That is so sweet, you guys. (hugs them) (Monica enters, wearing a walkman, so she doesn't hear what the others say) Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe: Hey, Mon.	neither
Rachel: Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?	neither
All: (shouting) Mon! (Monica takes of her walkman)	neither
Monica: What?	neither
Rachel: Ethan called again.	neither
Monica: Oh.	neither
Ross: Are you not seeing him anymore?	neither
Monica: No. You know, sometimes just things doesn't work out.	neither
Chandler: And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym. (Monica stares at Rachel)	yes
Rachel: I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.	neither
Joey: Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is? (Ross and Chandler laughs)	yes
Ross: Oh, yeah.	neither
Monica: Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now? Joey, Chander, and Ross: Sorry.	yes
Ross: It's morphin time!	yes
Joey: Stegosaurus!	yes
Chandler: Tyrannosaurus! (They all cross they're arms like the Power Rangers do)	yes
Phoebe: Ooh, oh, I've gotta go. (raises) Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go. (sits down, and then raises again) Cool!	neither
Rachel: Where are you going?	neither
Phoebe: Um, oh, I've got a birthday party, with some work people.	neither
Chandler: Work people? Nobody told me.	neither
Phoebe: No, I know. That's a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravaganza.	neither
Chandler: You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.	neither
Phoebe: Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.	neither
Chandler: You think I should?	neither
Phoebe: I really do, yeah.	neither
Chandler: Okay.	neither
Phoebe: Okay.	neither
Chandler: Okay.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don't wanna be the geek that invited the boss.	yes
[Scene: Chandler's office, he and Phoebe are taking a break from work.]	0
Chandler: I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing Ebony and Ivory.	neither
Phoebe: You were great. But they still made fun of you.	neither
Chandler: What?	neither
Phoebe: You know, now you're more like, you know like, &quot;Mr. Caring Boss,&quot; &quot;Mr.&quot;, you know, &quot;I'm one of you, Boss,&quot; &quot;Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing!&quot;	neither
Chandler: Then, I don't get it.	neither
Phoebe: Well, you know what Chandler? I think you've gotta face it. You're like, the guy in the big office, you know. You're the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you're a great boss.	neither
Chandler: They do?	neither
Phoebe: Uh huh. But they're not your friends anymore.	neither
Chandler: I just wan't to...	neither
Phoebe: No, but you can't.	neither
Chandler: But I just wa...	neither
Phoebe: Uh uh.	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Everyone exept Phoebe and Chandler is there. Ross's beeper goes off and everyone exept him react.]	0
Monica: Aren't you gonna...	neither
Ross: Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she's having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.	neither
Joey: What about Andr?	neither
Ross: Oh, well this morning he got a call from who I think was our cousin Nathan, and frankly, it was a little more than I needed to know. (Ethan enters) Young Ethan: Hey.	neither
Monica: That was gonna be my opener.	neither
Rachel: (understands that Monica and Ethan wanna be alone) Hey, did you guys check out those new hand-dryers in the bathroom?	neither
Ross: I thought that was just a rumour.	neither
Rachel: True story.	neither
Joey: They're here already? (Rachel, Ross and Ross go to the bathroom) Young Ethan: All right, look. I've gotta tell you something. I'm not 17. I only said so that you'd think I was cute and vunerable. I'm actually 30, I have a wife, I have a job, I'm your Congressman. Monica, this is ridiculous, we're great together. We can talk, we make each other laugh, and the sex. Oh, man, okay i have no frame of graft, but I thought that was great.	neither
Monica: It was. Young Ethan: Then, what's the problem?	neither
Monica: Ethan, it's um... it's icky. Young Ethan: Icky? You're actually gonna throw this away because it's icky?	neither
Monica: This isn't easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really... Young Ethan: No, don't say it. (closes Monica's mouth with his hand)	neither
Monica: ...love you. (Ross, Rachel and Joey come back from the bathroom. They discover that Monica and Ethan aren't finished talking to each other yet.)	neither
Ross: Are you're hands still wet?	neither
Joey: Uh, moist, yeah.	neither
Rachel: Let's dry 'em again. (They go to the bathroom again)	neither
[Scene: A hall on the floor where Chandler works. Chandler and Phoebe enters, and overhears some employees's conversation. One of them is doing Chandler.]	0
Gerston: Uh, like, could these margaritas be any stronger? (They discover that Chandler is listening) Hey, Chandler.	neither
Santos: Hello, Mr. Bing.	neither
Petrie: Loved your Stevie Wonder last night.	neither
Chandler: Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.	neither
Santos: Sure.	neither
Gerston: No problem. (They go away, trying very hard not to laugh at Chandler)	neither
Chandler: You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?	neither
Phoebe: Petrie.	neither
Chandler: Petrie, right, right. Okay, some people gonna be working this weekend.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is watching TV, but turns it off, and Rachel is sleeping on the couch. Ross puts a blanket over her.]	0
Rachel: (talking in her sleep) Oooooooooh. (Rachel strokes her hand over the pillow. Ross mimicks her silently) Oh, that's nice. Oh, oh. Huh, Ross! (Ross gets all excited and starts to dance on the coffee table, but slips allmost immediatly, and falls onto the couch. Rachel wakes up.)	neither
Rachel: Ross?	neither
Ross: I'm here.	neither
Rachel: You are. Well, um... We, we, we were just...&nbsp; Wow!	neither
Ross: What? (his beeper goes off) Great, now I'm having a baby.	neither
Rachel: What?	neither
Ross: Ooh, Ooh.	neither
Rachel: What?	neither
Ross: I'm having... I'm having a baby. (jumps back onto the table again) I'm having a... Where's the phone? The phone?	happy
Rachel: I don't know where the phone is. (Ross runs from the table, over the couch but slips and falls onto the floor)	neither
Rachel: Ross?	neither
Ross: I'm hurt. Closing Credits	neither
[Scene: The Hallway, Ross is eagerly waiting for the others to get ready, to go to the hospital.]	0
Ross: Monica, let's go. Come on now people, woman in labor. (Chandler struts out from his apartment)	neither
Chandler: (doing a little dance) Hey Ross, look what I've got going here.	neither
Ross: Yeah, save it for the cab, okay. (Rachel comes out from their apartment with a mirror and a lipstick in her hands)	neither
Ross: What are you doing? We're going to a hospital.	yes
Rachel: What, so I can't lokk nice? There might be doctors there.	neither
Ross: Joey, get out of the fridge.	neither
Joey: All right, all right. (he comes out from their apartment with a huge sandwich in his hand)	neither
Ross: What is that? (refering to the sandwich)	neither
Joey: For the ride.	neither
Chandler: Yeah, like in a cab...	neither
Ross: Save it.	neither
Chandler: Okay, hating this.	neither
Ross: Monica, come on now. Let's go, baby coming. (Monica enters from their apartment, crying)	neither
Monica: I can't belive it, I'm gonna be an aunt. I'm gonna have like a nephew.	neither
Ross: That's nice. Get out Let's go, come on.	0
Joey: All right, I'm going. I'm going. (They all go down the stairs, but Ross turns around, looking like his in a coma. The others also turns around to get him.)	neither
Chandler: Here we go, here we go.	neither
Rachel: Rossy, Rossy. End	neither
The One With the Ick Factor Written by: Alexa Junge Transcribed by: Mikael Hedberg	repeated
(Scene: Central Perk. Everyone is there.)	0
Monica: Tell him.	0
Rachel: No.	0
Phoebe: Tell him, tell him.	0
Monica: Just...please tell him.	0
Rachel: Shut up!	0
Chandler: Tell me what?	0
Monica: Look at you, you won't even look at him.	0
Chandler: (sarcastically) Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.	0
Rachel: All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...	0
Phoebe: Doing it on this table. (points at the table)	0
Chandler: Wow!	0
Joey: Exellent dream score.	0
Ross: Why, why, why would you dream that?	0
Chandler: More importantly, was I any good?	0
Rachel: Well, you were pretty damn good.	0
Chandler: Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate. (Monica pats him on his lap)	0
Rachel: Well, last night you seemed to know your way around the table.	0
Ross: I love it, when we share. (Ross goes over to the counter. Chandler follows him.)	0
Chandler: You're okay there?	0
Ross: I can't belive you two had sex in her dream.	0
Chandler: I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else's subconscious. Opening Credits	0
[Scene: Central Perk, continued from earlier, Chandler is sitting on the table.]	0
Chandler: Hello Rachel.	0
Rachel: Get off.	0
Phoebe: (points at Joey's pen) Uh, uh, gimme. Can you see me operating a drill press?	0
Joey: I don't know. What are you wearing? (Chandler, Monica and Phoebe looks at him)	0
Ross: Pheebs, why would you want to operate a drill press?	0
Phoebe: Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.	0
Chandler: Pirates again?	0
Phoebe: No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this &quot;massage-yourself-at-home-workshop.&quot; And they are.	0
Joey: Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.	0
Chandler: (sarcasticly) Thanks Joey, that's a good idea.	0
Phoebe: What... I could, I could do it. What is it?	0
Chandler: Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. (Ross looks at her.) It's a whole big boob story.	0
Phoebe: I could be a secretary.	0
Chandler: Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.	0
Phoebe: I could do that. (Ross's beeper goes off)	0
Rachel: What are you playing with?	0
Ross: Oh, it's my new beeper.	0
Joey: What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?	0
Monica: Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. 'Help, come quick, they're still extinct.'	0
Ross: No, it's for when Carol goes into labor. She can get me wherever I am. I mean, all she has to do is to dial 55-JIMBO.	0
Chandler: A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.	0
Monica: All right, I'll see you guys later. (raises)	0
Rachel: Off to see young Ethan?	0
Monica: Thank you.	0
Joey: How young is young Ethan? Young?	0
Monica: He's... our age.	0
Chandler: When we were?	0
Monica: Okay, he's a senior in college.	0
Ross: College?	0
Chandler: Whoa! And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?	0
Monica: No, of course not. It's not even an issue. Cause I told him I was 22.	0
All: What?	0
Monica: Oh, I can't pass for 22?	0
Phoebe: Well, maybe 25-26.	0
Monica: I am 26.	0
Phoebe: There you go.	0
[Scene: Chandler's office, he and Phoebe are there when the phone starts ringing.]	0
Chandler: Can you hear that?	0
Phoebe: (plays with a thumbtack remover) Yeah?	0
Chandler: See that'll stop when you pick up the phone.	0
Phoebe: Oh. Uh, I'm on. (picks up the phone)	0
Phoebe: (with a deep voice) Mr. Bing's office. (Listens) No I'm sorry, he's in a meeting right now.	0
Chandler: I'm not in a meeting. I'm right... Whoops.	0
Phoebe: Will he know what this is in reference to? (Listens) And he has your number? (Listens) All right, I'll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.	0
Chandler: What?	0
Phoebe: Ross says hi.	0
Chandler: Ah!	0
Phoebe: This is so fun. All right, what do we do now?	0
Chandler: Well, now, I actually have to get to work.	0
Phoebe: Most likely. (raises and goes toward the door) Okay, I'm gonna be out there.	0
Chandler: Okay.	0
Phoebe: All right. Bye bye.	0
Chandler: Bye bye. (The intercom buzzes)	0
Chandler: (answering it) Yes?	0
Phoebe: Whatcha doin'?	0
Chandler: Ooh. (leans against the desk)	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are there. Monica is just finishing cleaning the windows.]	0
Monica: Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? (goes over to the kitchen to check on the dinner) No, cause I made lasagne. (to Rachel) Am I out of control?	0
Rachel: Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.	0
Monica: What?	0
Rachel: Could tonight be the Night?	0
Monica: I don't know. Look he's a great guy and I love being with him but... you know. Things happen, and they happen. You don't plan these things.	0
Rachel: So, did you shave your legs?	0
Monica: Yeah.	0
Rachel: A-ha!	0
[Scene: Central Perk. Joey and Ross are there.]	0
Joey: Would you let it go Ross. It was just a dream. It doesn't mean... (Ross's beeper goes off)	0
Ross: Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh this is it. Oh my god it's baby time. Baby time.	0
Joey: All right, relax, relax. Just relax, just relax. Be cool, be cool. (Ross dials a number on his cellular phone)	0
Ross: (on phone) Yeah, hi, I was just beeped. (pause) No, Andr is not here. (to Joey) Third time today. (on phone) Yes, I'm sure... No, sir. I don't perform those kind of services.	0
Joey: Services? (Ross looks at him) Oh, services.	0
Ross: (on phone) Yeah, you want 55-JUMBO. Yeah, that's right. That's right, JUMBO with a U, sir. (pause) No, belive me, you don't want me. Judging by his number, I'd be a huge disappointment. (pause) All rightie, bye bye. (Phoebe and Chandler enter)	0
Joey: Hey, hey. How was the first day?	0
Phoebe: Oh, exellent. Everyone was so, so nice.	0
Chandler: See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes. (Joey and Ross wonder what he means) Me.	0
Phoebe: No, I didn't tell anybody that I knew you.	0
Chandler: Why not?	0
Phoebe: Oh, because, you know... they don't like you.	0
Chandler: What?!	0
Phoebe: I thought you knew that.	0
Chandler: Noho. Who doesn't they like me?	0
Phoebe: Everyone. Except for uh... no everyone.	0
Chandler: What are you talking about?	0
Phoebe: Don't feel bad. You know they used to like you a lot. But then you got promoted, and, you know, now you're like &quot;Mr. Boss Man&quot;. You know, Mr. Bing. Mr. Bing, &quot;Boss Man Bing&quot;. (Joey and Ross laughs)	0
Chandler: I can't belive it.	0
Phoebe: Yeah, yeah. They even do you.	0
Chandler: They do me?	0
Phoebe: You know like... uh okay... uh... 'Could that report be any later?' (Joey and Ross laughs)	0
Chandler: I don't sound like that.	0
Ross: Oh, oh Chandler...	0
Joey: Oh... Yeah, you do.	0
Ross: 'The hills were alive with the sound of music.' (Phoebe, Joey and Ross laughs)	0
Joey: (reaches for hi scones) My scones. Phoebe, Joey, and Ross: 'My scones.' (Phoebe, Joey and Ross laughs again)	0
Chandler: Okay, I don't sound like that. That is so not true. (Joey and Chandler laughs)	0
Chandler: That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up! (Phoebe, Joey and Ross laugh)	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Young Ethan are sitting in the couch.]	0
Monica: Did not. Young Ethan: I am telling you, up until I was, like nine, I thought that gunpoint was an actual place where crimes happen.	0
Monica: How was that possible? Young Ethan: Well, think about it. It's always on the news. 'A man is being held up, at gunpoint.' 'Tourists are being terrorised, at gunpoint.' And I just kept thinking: why does people continue to go there? (He checks his watch.) Oh, ah. I should go.	0
Monica: Okay. (They kiss) Young Ethan: Okay.	0
Monica: Unless... Young Ethan: What?	0
Monica: Uh, ah. Unless you wanna stay over? I mean, I'm going to, so... Young Ethan: Yeah, I'd really like that. (They kiss) Young Ethan: Uuh, before we get into any staying-over-stuff, there is something you should know.	0
Monica: Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I'm secretly married to a goat?' Young Ethan: Well it's somewhere in between. You see, in a strictly technical sense, of course, I'm not uh..., well I, I mean I haven't ever uh...	0
Monica: Ethan? Young Ethan: Yeah?	0
Monica: Are you a virgin? Young Ethan: Well, if that's what you kids are calling it these days then, yes I am. I uh, I've kinda been waiting for the right person.	0
Monica: Really? Young Ethan: Yeah. You do know I was talking about you, right? (They kiss) [Time lapse. They are now in Monica's bedroom, on the bed.] Young Ethan: Wow!	0
Monica: You keep saying that. Young Ethan: You know, you read about it, you see it in the movies. Even when you practice it at home, man oh man, it is nothing like that. (They kiss)	0
Monica: Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to. Young Ethan: Oh god, don't tell me, I did it wrong.	0
Monica: No-no. Nothing wrong about that. Young Ethan: Oh.	0
Monica: Um, okay, here it goes. I'm not 22. I'm, I'm 25... and thirteen months. Young Ethan: Huh!	0
Monica: But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are. (They kiss) Young Ethan: Uh, listen um, as long as we're telling stuff, uh, I have another one for you. I'm a little younger than I said.	0
Monica: You're not a senior? Young Ethan: Oh, I'm a senior... in High School.	0
Monica: Ok...ay. Commercial Break	0
[Scene: Monica's Bedroom, continued from earlier.]	0
Monica: What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn't alive during the Bicentennial. Young Ethan: I just had sex.	0
Monica: Ethan, focus. How could you not tell me? Young Ethan: Well, you never told me how old you were.	0
Monica: Well, that's different. My lie didn't make one of us a felon in 48 states. What were you thinking? Young Ethan: I wasn't thinking. I was too busy fallin'...	0
Monica: Don't say it. (closes Ethan's mouth with her hand) Young Ethan: ...in love with you.	0
Monica: Really? Young Ethan: (nods) Sorry.	0
Monica: Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins. Young Ethan: Who?	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone exept Monica is there.]	0
Ross: (on phone) Okay, Andr should be there in like 45 minutes. All rightie, bye bye. (to Phoebe) Just easier that way.	0
Chandler: Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.	0
Rachel: No, forget it.	0
Chandler: Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?	0
Rachel: All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there. (Camera fades to Ross, who's listening very carefully) Joey was there too.	0
Joey: All right. (Moves closer.)	0
Ross: Was there...uh, huh, huh, huh... andybody, anybody else there.	0
Rachel: No.	0
Ross: You're sure? Nobody uh, handed out uh, mints or anything?	0
Rachel: No, it was just the three of us.	0
Ross: Huh!	0
Joey: So, tell me. Was it like you and Chandler, and then you and me, or you and me and Chandler?	0
Rachel: (laughs) You know what?	0
Joey: What?	0
Rachel: There were times when it wasn't even me. (Chandler and Joey laughs, until they look at each other then recoil in horror.)	0
Phoebe: That is so sweet, you guys. (hugs them) (Monica enters, wearing a walkman, so she doesn't hear what the others say) Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe: Hey, Mon.	0
Rachel: Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?	0
All: (shouting) Mon! (Monica takes of her walkman)	0
Monica: What?	0
Rachel: Ethan called again.	0
Monica: Oh.	0
Ross: Are you not seeing him anymore?	0
Monica: No. You know, sometimes just things doesn't work out.	0
Chandler: And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym. (Monica stares at Rachel)	0
Rachel: I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.	0
Joey: Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is? (Ross and Chandler laughs)	0
Ross: Oh, yeah.	0
Monica: Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now? Joey, Chander, and Ross: Sorry.	0
Ross: It's morphin time!	0
Joey: Stegosaurus!	0
Chandler: Tyrannosaurus! (They all cross they're arms like the Power Rangers do)	0
Phoebe: Ooh, oh, I've gotta go. (raises) Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go. (sits down, and then raises again) Cool!	0
Rachel: Where are you going?	0
Phoebe: Um, oh, I've got a birthday party, with some work people.	0
Chandler: Work people? Nobody told me.	0
Phoebe: No, I know. That's a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravaganza.	0
Chandler: You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.	0
Phoebe: Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.	0
Chandler: You think I should?	0
Phoebe: I really do, yeah.	0
Chandler: Okay.	0
Phoebe: Okay.	0
Chandler: Okay.	0
Phoebe: Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don't wanna be the geek that invited the boss.	0
[Scene: Chandler's office, he and Phoebe are taking a break from work.]	0
Chandler: I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing Ebony and Ivory.	0
Phoebe: You were great. But they still made fun of you.	0
Chandler: What?	0
Phoebe: You know, now you're more like, you know like, &quot;Mr. Caring Boss,&quot; &quot;Mr.&quot;, you know, &quot;I'm one of you, Boss,&quot; &quot;Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing!&quot;	0
Chandler: Then, I don't get it.	0
Phoebe: Well, you know what Chandler? I think you've gotta face it. You're like, the guy in the big office, you know. You're the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you're a great boss.	0
Chandler: They do?	0
Phoebe: Uh huh. But they're not your friends anymore.	0
Chandler: I just wan't to...	0
Phoebe: No, but you can't.	0
Chandler: But I just wa...	0
Phoebe: Uh uh.	0
[Scene: Central Perk. Everyone exept Phoebe and Chandler is there. Ross's beeper goes off and everyone exept him react.]	0
Monica: Aren't you gonna...	0
Ross: Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she's having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.	0
Joey: What about Andr?	0
Ross: Oh, well this morning he got a call from who I think was our cousin Nathan, and frankly, it was a little more than I needed to know. (Ethan enters) Young Ethan: Hey.	0
Monica: That was gonna be my opener.	0
Rachel: (understands that Monica and Ethan wanna be alone) Hey, did you guys check out those new hand-dryers in the bathroom?	0
Ross: I thought that was just a rumour.	0
Rachel: True story.	0
Joey: They're here already? (Rachel, Ross and Ross go to the bathroom) Young Ethan: All right, look. I've gotta tell you something. I'm not 17. I only said so that you'd think I was cute and vunerable. I'm actually 30, I have a wife, I have a job, I'm your Congressman. Monica, this is ridiculous, we're great together. We can talk, we make each other laugh, and the sex. Oh, man, okay i have no frame of graft, but I thought that was great.	0
Monica: It was. Young Ethan: Then, what's the problem?	0
Monica: Ethan, it's um... it's icky. Young Ethan: Icky? You're actually gonna throw this away because it's icky?	0
Monica: This isn't easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really... Young Ethan: No, don't say it. (closes Monica's mouth with his hand)	0
Monica: ...love you. (Ross, Rachel and Joey come back from the bathroom. They discover that Monica and Ethan aren't finished talking to each other yet.)	0
Ross: Are you're hands still wet?	0
Joey: Uh, moist, yeah.	0
Rachel: Let's dry 'em again. (They go to the bathroom again)	0
[Scene: A hall on the floor where Chandler works. Chandler and Phoebe enters, and overhears some employees's conversation. One of them is doing Chandler.]	0
Gerston: Uh, like, could these margaritas be any stronger? (They discover that Chandler is listening) Hey, Chandler.	0
Santos: Hello, Mr. Bing.	0
Petrie: Loved your Stevie Wonder last night.	0
Chandler: Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.	0
Santos: Sure.	0
Gerston: No problem. (They go away, trying very hard not to laugh at Chandler)	0
Chandler: You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?	0
Phoebe: Petrie.	0
Chandler: Petrie, right, right. Okay, some people gonna be working this weekend.	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is watching TV, but turns it off, and Rachel is sleeping on the couch. Ross puts a blanket over her.]	0
Rachel: (talking in her sleep) Oooooooooh. (Rachel strokes her hand over the pillow. Ross mimicks her silently) Oh, that's nice. Oh, oh. Huh, Ross! (Ross gets all excited and starts to dance on the coffee table, but slips allmost immediatly, and falls onto the couch. Rachel wakes up.)	0
Rachel: Ross?	0
Ross: I'm here.	0
Rachel: You are. Well, um... We, we, we were just...&nbsp; Wow!	0
Ross: What? (his beeper goes off) Great, now I'm having a baby.	0
Rachel: What?	0
Ross: Ooh, Ooh.	0
Rachel: What?	0
Ross: I'm having... I'm having a baby. (jumps back onto the table again) I'm having a... Where's the phone? The phone?	0
Rachel: I don't know where the phone is. (Ross runs from the table, over the couch but slips and falls onto the floor)	0
Rachel: Ross?	0
Ross: I'm hurt. Closing Credits	0
[Scene: The Hallway, Ross is eagerly waiting for the others to get ready, to go to the hospital.]	0
Ross: Monica, let's go. Come on now people, woman in labor. (Chandler struts out from his apartment)	0
Chandler: (doing a little dance) Hey Ross, look what I've got going here.	0
Ross: Yeah, save it for the cab, okay. (Rachel comes out from their apartment with a mirror and a lipstick in her hands)	0
Ross: What are you doing? We're going to a hospital.	0
Rachel: What, so I can't lokk nice? There might be doctors there.	0
Ross: Joey, get out of the fridge.	0
Joey: All right, all right. (he comes out from their apartment with a huge sandwich in his hand)	0
Ross: What is that? (refering to the sandwich)	0
Joey: For the ride.	0
Chandler: Yeah, like in a cab...	0
Ross: Save it.	0
Chandler: Okay, hating this.	0
Ross: Monica, come on now. Let's go, baby coming. (Monica enters from their apartment, crying)	0
Monica: I can't belive it, I'm gonna be an aunt. I'm gonna have like a nephew.	0
Ross: That's nice. Get out Let's go, come on.	0
Joey: All right, I'm going. I'm going. (They all go down the stairs, but Ross turns around, looking like his in a coma. The others also turns around to get him.)	0
Chandler: Here we go, here we go.	0
Rachel: Rossy, Rossy. End	0
The One With the Birth Story by: David Crane &amp; Marta Kauffman Teleplay by: Jeff Greenstein &amp; Jeff Strauss Transcribed by: Mindy Mattingly Phillips With Minor Adjustments by: Dan Silverstein	0
[Scene: The hospital, Ross, Rachel, Chandler, Joey, and Monica are in the waiting room, waiting for Carol and Susan to arrive.]	0
Ross: She's not here yet. She's not here. She's having my baby and she's not here.	neither
Monica: I'm sure everything's fine. Has her water broke yet?	neither
Ross: I don't know, but when I spoke to her, she said she had already passed the mucus plug. (Joey makes a sound of absolute disgust.)	neither
Joey: Do we have to know about that?	neither
Monica: Joey, what are you gonna do when you have a baby?	neither
Joey: I'm gonna be in the waitin' room, handing out cigars.	neither
Chandler: Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.	yes
Ross: God, I don't believe this. She could be giving birth in the cab.	neither
Rachel: Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for each additional contraction. (Everyone looks at Rachel as though she made a tasteless comment.)	neither
Rachel: What, it's ok when Chandler does it?	neither
Chandler: You have to pick your moments. (Phoebe arrives, guitar in hand.)	neither
Phoebe: Did I miss it, did I miss it?	neither
Ross: She's not even here yet.	neither
Monica: What's with the guitar?	neither
Phoebe: I just thought we might be here for awhile. You know, things might get musical. (Carol and Susan arrive.)	neither
Ross: (to Carol) Where the hell have you been?	neither
Susan: We stopped at the gift shop.	neither
Carol: I was looking at stuffed animals, and Susan wanted a Chunky.	neither
Ross: Susan wanted a Chunky. We're having a baby, ok, a baby, you don't stop for Chunkys.	neither
Chandler: I used to have that bumper sticker. (Everyone is amused by Chandler's comment.)	neither
Chandler: (to Rachel) You see what I mean. Opening Credits	neither
[Scene: Carol's Hospital Room, Carol is on the bed, Ross and Susan are at her side.]	0
Ross: Stopped for a Chunky.	neither
Carol: Let it go, Ross.	neither
Susan: I got an extra one. You want this? (holds the candy in front of Ross' face)	neither
Ross: (weakly) No. (Carol's doctor, Dr. Franzblau arrives.) Dr. Franzblau: Hey, how's my favorite parenting team doing?	neither
Ross: Dr. Franzblau, hi. Dr. Franzblau: So, I understand you're thinking of having a baby? Well, I see you're nine months pregnant. That's a good start. How you doing with your contractions?	neither
Carol: Oh, I love them. Each one's like a little party in my uterus.	neither
Susan: They're every four minutes and last 55 seconds.	neither
Ross: 59 seconds. (holds up his watch) Quartz, ha.	neither
Susan: Swiss quartz, ha, ha.	neither
Carol: Am I allowed to drink anything? Dr. Franzblau: Ice chips, just ice chips. They're at the nurses' station.	neither
Ross: I'll get it.	neither
Susan: No, I'm getting it. I'll be right back.	neither
Ross: I got it&#151;I'm getting it! (They both leave just as Rachel enters the room, holding a cup.)	neither
Rachel: Hi, I thought you might like some ice chips.	neither
Carol: Thanks.	neither
Rachel: And if you need anything else, I&#151;(notices the handsome Dr. Franzblau)&#151;do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's... ex-husband's... sister's roommate. Dr. Franzblau: It is nice to meet you. I'm Dr. Franzblau. I'm your roommate's... brother's... ex-wife's obstetrician.	neither
Rachel: Oh, that's funny!	neither
[Scene: The Waiting Room, Chandler is falling asleep on Monica's shoulder.]	0
Monica: I want a baby.	neither
Chandler: Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow.	yes
Monica: Get up. Come on. Let's get some coffee.	neither
Chandler: Oh, ok, 'cause we never do that. (Chandler and Monica leave. Cut to Joey, watching the Knicks/Celtics game on television.)	neither
Joey: (to the screen) Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot, or just fall down. That's good too. (A young pregnant woman enters.)	neither
Lydia: Knick fan?	neither
Joey: Oh, yeah.	neither
Lydia: Oh, boy, do they suck.	yes
Joey: Hey, listen, lady....(sees that she's pregnant)...whoa.	neither
Lydia: Look, look at your man, Ewing. Nice shot. You know what, he couldn't hit water if he was standing on a boat.	yes
Joey: Oh yeah? And who do you like?	neither
Lydia: The Celtics.	neither
Joey: The Celtics? Ha. They couldn't hit a boat if...wait. They suck, alright?	neither
Lydia: Oh, shut up. You know, it's a rebuilding year. You... waah!	neither
Joey: Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey, we need a father over here! We need a father!	neither
Lydia: There is no father.	neither
Joey: Oh, oh, oh, sorry.	neither
Lydia: Ok, that's ok. I'm fine. I'm... oh!	neither
Joey: Oh, uh, ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin' in here.	neither
Lydia: Ok. (Joey accompanies Lydia to a hospital room.)	neither
[Scene: The Waiting Room, Phoebe is playing a song. Chandler, Monica, and Ross are there as well.]	0
Phoebe: (singing) They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now they're yelling at you and you don't know why, you cry and you cry and you cry. And you cry and you cry and you cry... (Ross gives Phoebe a dollar.)	neither
Phoebe: Thanks, Ross.	neither
Ross: Yeah. I'm paying you to stop.	yes
Phoebe: Ok. (A woman passes by, carrying newborn twins.)	neither
Phoebe: Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.	neither
Monica: No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?	neither
Chandler: You'll get one.	neither
Monica: Oh yeah? When?	neither
Chandler: All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?	neither
Monica: Why won't I be married when I'm 40?	neither
Chandler: Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.	neither
Monica: Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?	neither
Chandler: No, no, no.	neither
Monica: What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?	neither
Chandler: (trapped) Uh, uh.	neither
Monica: Well?	neither
Chandler: Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack! (throws himself over the back of the chair he was sitting in) (Rachel enters, in a formal dress.)	?
Rachel: Hey.	neither
Phoebe: Hey. Ooh, look at you, dressy-dress.	neither
Monica: Did you go home and change?	neither
Rachel: Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?	neither
Monica: No, I haven't seen him.	neither
Rachel: Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. (Pause) What if the baby needs him?	neither
Chandler: Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?	neither
Rachel: Yeah, why?	neither
Chandler: No reason. (turns around, makes an 'Oh my God' gesture with his eyes)	yes
[Scene: Joey and Lydia in the hospital room. Lydia is on the phone with her mother.]	0
Lydia: Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a jerk. No, I'm not alone. Joey's here. (pause) What do you mean, Joey who? (covers the phone, to Joey) Joey who?	neither
Joey: Tribbiani.	neither
Lydia: Joey Tribbiani. Yes, ok. Hold on. (to Joey) She wants to talk to you. Take the phone.	neither
Joey: (takes phone) Hi, yeah, it's me. (Listens) Oh, no no no, we're just friends. (Listens) Yeah, I'm single. (Listens) 25. (Listens) An actor. (Listens) Hello?	neither
Lydia: She's not much of a phone person.	neither
Joey: Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby somewhere, I'd wanna know about it, you know?	neither
Lydia: Hey, Knick fan, am I interested in your views on fatherhood? Uh, no.	yes
Joey: Ok, look, maybe I should just go.	neither
Lydia: Maybe you should.	neither
Joey: Good luck, and uh, take care, huh? (He leaves, but then returns a moment later.)	neither
Joey: You know what the Celtics problem is? They let the players run the team.	neither
Lydia: Oh, that is so not true.	neither
Joey: Oh, it is.	neither
Lydia: It isn't.	neither
Joey: It is.	neither
Lydia: Isn't!	neither
[Scene: Carol's Hospital Room, Ross and Susan are coaching Carol.]	0
Ross: Breathe.	neither
Susan: Breathe.	neither
Ross: Breathe.	neither
Susan: Breathe.	neither
Ross: Breathe.	neither
Susan: Breathe.	neither
Carol: You're gonna kill me!	neither
Ross: 15 more seconds, 14, 13, 12...	neither
Carol: Count faster.	neither
Susan: It's gonna be ok, just remember, we're doing this for Jordie. Just keep focusing on Jordie.	neither
Ross: Who the hell is Jordie?	neither
Susan: Your son.	neither
Ross: No-no-no. I don't have a son named Jordie. We all agreed, my son's name is Jamie.	neither
Carol: Well, Jamie was the name of Susan's first girlfriend, so we went back to Jordie.	neither
Ross: What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just passed by it during the whole Jessy, Cody, Dylan fiasco.	neither
Carol: Ow, ow, ow, ow, leg cramp, leg cramp, leg cramp.	neither
Ross: I got it.	neither
Susan: I got it.	neither
Ross: I got it! Hey, you get to sleep with her, I get the cramps.	neither
Susan: No, you don't.	neither
Carol: All right, that's it. I want both of you out.	neither
Ross: Why?	neither
Susan: He started it!	neither
Ross: No, you started it.	neither
Susan: You did!	neither
Carol: I don't care. I am trying to get a person out of my body here, and you're not making it any easier.	neither
Ross: But...	neither
Carol: Now go!	neither
Ross: (to Susan) Thanks a lot.	yes
Susan: (to Ross) See what you did.	neither
Ross: (to Carol) Yeah, listen...	neither
Carol: Out! (Ross and Susan both angrily leave the hopsital room.)	neither
[Scene: Lydia's Hospital Room, Joey is helping Lydia go through labor, a nurse is now present in her room as well.]	0
Nurse: Breathe, breathe, breathe...	neither
Lydia: Oh, no. (Joey looks down at Lydia.)	neither
Joey: Ew! What is that? Something exploded!	neither
Nurse: It's just her water breaking. Calm down, will you?	neither
Joey: (panicked) Water breaking, what do you mean? What's that, water breaking?	neither
Nurse: (to Joey) Breathe, breathe, breathe.	yes
[Scene: The Hall, Ross and Susan are arguing.]	0
Ross: Please. This is so your fault.	neither
Susan: How, how is this my fault?	neither
Ross: Look, Carol never threw me out of a room before you came along.	neither
Susan: Yeah? Well, there's a lot of things Carol never did before I came along.	yes
Ross: You tryin' to be clever? A funny lady?	neither
Susan: You know what your problem is? You're threatened by me.	neither
Ross: Oh, I'm threatened by you?	neither
Susan: Yes. (Phoebe has heard them arguing and comes down the hall, taking them into a broom closet.)	neither
Phoebe: Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!	neither
Ross: Yeah, Susan.	neither
Phoebe: Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this. (Phoebe goes to leave the room, but the door is locked.)	neither
Phoebe: Ok, who wants to hear something ironic? Commercial Break	?
[Scene: The Broom Closet, Ross and Susan are trying to get out.]	0
All: Help!	neither
Ross: I'm having a baby in here! Ok, everyone stand back. (Walks backwards as if he is going to break down the door, but steps in a bucket and falls) Ow.	neither
[Scene: Carol's room, Rachel and Dr. Franzblau are there with her.]	0
Carol: Are they here yet?	neither
Rachel: No, honey, they're not, but don't worry, because we are going to find them, and until we do, we are all here for you, ok?	neither
Carol: Ok.	neither
Rachel: Ok?	neither
Carol: Ok.	neither
Rachel: (to Dr. Franzblau) Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating. Dr. Franzblau: It really was. There was this great little pastry shop right by my hotel. (Carol sits up in pain, Rachel and Dr. Franzblau casually lay her back down) There you go, dear.	neither
[Scene: Lydia's Room, Joey is helping her deliver.]	0
Joey: Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push 'em out, way out! Let's get that ball and really move, hey, hey, ho, ho. Let's&#151; (notices the nurse looking at him strangely) I was just&#151;yeah, right. Push! Push!	neither
[Scene: The Broom Closet, Ross has picked up a vacuum and is holding it at the door.]	0
Susan: What're you gonna do, suck the door open?	neither
Ross: Help! Help!	neither
Phoebe: (singing) They found their bodies the very next day, they found their bodies the very next...(sees Ross and Susan staring at her) la la la la la la. Susan and Ross: (even louder) Help!	neither
[Scene: The Waiting Room, Monica is on the phone with her mother, Chandler is standing behind her.]	0
Monica: Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. (Listens) Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. (Listens) No, he's gone. (Listens) No no, you don't have to fly back, really. (Listens) What do you mean this might be your only chance? (Listens) Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet. (Monica sees a woman pass by with a baby, puts the phone to her chest, and starts to cry. Chandler takes the phone, makes a noise in it resembling static, and hangs up. Joey enters.)	neither
Chandler: Where have you been?	neither
Joey: Oh, just had a baby.	neither
Chandler: Mazel tov!	?
[Scene: The Waiting Room, Rachel and Dr. Franzblau have gone to get coffee.] Dr. Franzblau: I don't know, could be an hour, could be three, but relax, she's doing great. So, uh, tell me, are you currently involved with anyone?	neither
Rachel: (anxiously) No, no, not at the moment, no, I'm not. Are you? Dr. Franzblau: No, it's hard enough to get women to go out with me.	neither
Rachel: Right, yeah, I've heard that about cute doctors. Dr. Franzblau: No, no, really. I suppose it's because I spend so much time, you know, where I do.	neither
Rachel: Oh. Dr. Franzblau: I try not to let my work affect my personal life, but it's hard, when you... do what I do. It's like uh...Well, for instance, what do you do?	neither
Rachel: I'm a waitress. Dr. Franzblau: Ok, all right, well aren't there times when you come home at the end of the day, and you're just like, 'if I see one more cup of coffee'...	neither
Rachel: (getting the point) Yeah. Gotcha. Dr. Franzblau: I'm gonna go check up on your friend.	neither
Rachel: Ok. That's fine. (takes her earrings out)	neither
[Scene: The Hall Outside Lydia's Room, Joey is walking up to Lydia's room with balloons, but before he enters he sees that the baby's father has arrived. He listens at the door.]	0
Lydia: So how did you know I was even here?	neither
Guy: Your mom called me. So is this her?	neither
Lydia: No, this is a loaner.	yes
Guy: I'm sorry you had to do this by yourself.	neither
Lydia: I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a nurse, and a helper guy. (Joey smiles) So, did you see who won the game?	neither
Guy: Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.	neither
Lydia: Yeah, they're not so bad. (Joey closes the door and ties the balloons to the knob. Then he walks away, holding the hand of an inflated balloon animal he had brought.)	neither
[Scene: The Broom Closet, Ross is trying to open the door with a credit card, with no success.]	0
Ross: Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. (to Susan) This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.	neither
Susan: The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.	neither
Ross: No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?	neither
Susan: You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's Father's Day, there's no... Lesbian Lover Day.	yes
Ross: Every day is Lesbian Lover Day.	yes
Phoebe: This is so great.	yes
Ross: You wanna explain that?	neither
Phoebe: I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world. (pause) I'm sorry, you were fighting.	neither
[Scene: Carol's Room, she is ready to give birth. Everyone is there except for Phoebe, Ross, and Susan, who are in the broom closet.]	0
Carol: Where are they?	neither
Monica: I'm sure they'll be here soon.	neither
Rachel: Yeah, honey, they wouldn't miss this.	neither
Joey: Relax. You're only at nine centimeters. And the baby's at zero station.	neither
Chandler: (to Joey) You are really frightening me. (Carol suddenly screams in pain and grabs Chandler by the shirt.)	yes
Chandler: Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. (they pull her hand off of him) Uh, that's great. (looking around) Anybody seen a nipple? Dr. Franzblau: All right, ten centimeters, here we go.	yes
Nurse: All right, honey, time to start pushing.	neither
Carol: But they're not here yet! Dr. Franzblau: I'm sorry, I can't tell the baby to wait for them.	yes
Carol: Oh, god.	neither
[Scene: The Broom Closet, Ross has used a broom to open the air vent in the ceiling. Phoebe is wearing a janitor's uniform, ready to go up in the vent.]	0
Ross: Ok, got the vent open.	neither
Phoebe: (reading the nametag on the uniform) Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital worker Ben. It's Ben... to the rescue!	neither
Ross: Ben, you ready? All right, gimme your foot. Ok, on three, Ben. One, two, three. Ok, That's it, Ben. (Ross and Susan lift Phoebe up into the vent.)	neither
Susan: What do you see?	neither
Phoebe: Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark vent. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent. (A janitor opens the closet door from the outside.)	neither
Ross: Phoebs, It's open! It's open! (Ross and Susan run to the delivery room, leaving Phoebe dangling from the vent.)	neither
Janitor: (to Ross and Susan) Wait! You forgot your legs!	neither
[Scene: Carol's Room, Ross and Susan rush in.]	0
All: Push, push!	neither
Ross: We're here!	neither
Carol: (irked) Where have you been?	neither
Ross: Long story, honey. Dr. Franzblau: All right, Carol, I need you to keep pushing. I need&#151;(reaches for an instrument, Rachel's hand is on it) Excuse me, could I have this?	neither
Nurse: All right, all right, there's a few too many people in this room, and there's about to be one more, so anybody who's not an ex-husband or a lesbian life partner, out you go!	neither
All: Good luck! (Everyone heads for the door.)	neither
Chandler: (to nurse) Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?	yes
Nurse: Out! Dr. Franzblau: All right, he's crowning. Here he comes.	neither
Ross: Let me see, I gotta see, I gotta see. Oh, a head. Oh, it's, it's huge. Carol, how are you doing this?	neither
Carol: (straining) Not.... helping! Dr. Franzblau: You're doing great, you're doing fine.	neither
Ross: (puts his head near the baby) Hello! (to Dr. Franzblau) Oh, sorry.	neither
Susan: What do you see? What do you see?	neither
Ross: We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a chest, and a stomach. It's a boy, definitely a boy! All right! Ok, legs, knees, and feet. Oh, oh. He's here. He's a person.	neither
Susan: Oh, look at that.	happy
Carol: What does he look like?	neither
Ross: Kinda like my uncle Ed, covered in Jell-o.	neither
Carol: Really?	neither
Phoebe: (from the air vent overhead) You guys, he's beautiful!	neither
Ross: Oh, thanks, Pheebs! (They look up towards the vent and wave at Phoebe.)	neither
[Scene: The Delivery Room, Carol is holding the infant.]	0
Susan: No shouting, but we still need a name for this little guy.	neither
Ross: (thinking) How 'bout Ben?	neither
Susan: I like Ben.	neither
Carol: Ben. Ben. Ben's good. How come you never mentioned Ben before?	neither
Ross: We uh, we just cooked it up.	neither
Susan: That's what we were off doing. (Monica opens the door.)	neither
Monica: Hi.	neither
Ross: Hey.	neither
Monica: Can we come in? (The whole gang enters.)	neither
Ross: (to Ben) I know, I know. Everybody, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Yeah. This is Ben. Ben, this is everybody.	neither
Phoebe: Susan, he looks just like you.	neither
Susan: Thanks.	neither
Rachel: Oh, god, I can't believe one of us actually has one of these.	neither
Chandler: I know, I still am one of these.	?
Monica: Ross, can I? (Monica holds Ben.)	neither
Ross: The head, the head. You gotta...	neither
Monica: (getting choked up) Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum. Closing Credits	neither
[Scene: The Hospital, the camera is placed as though it were Ben's eyes.]	0
Ross: Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this. (walks out of the picture) But I'll still always come back, like this. (returns) And sometimes I may be away longer, like this. (walks away) But I'll still always come back, like this. (returns) (Chandler comes into the picture.)	neither
Chandler: And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this. (Does a baseball sign.) (The rest of the group come into the picture.)	neither
Monica: He is so amazing.	neither
Rachel: Oh, I know. Look at him.	neither
Joey: Ben, Ben, hey Ben. Nothing. I don't think that's his name.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes. (screen goes blank) Look, he's opening his eyes. (picture comes back)	neither
Joey: He doesn't do much, does he?	neither
Ross: No, this is pretty much it. (long moment of silence)	neither
Rachel: You guys wanna get some coffee?	neither
All: Yeah.	neither
Ross: All right, I'll see you guys later. (They all leave but Ross, but they all come back a few seconds later. They make faces at the baby.)	neither
Phoebe: Oh, look, he's closing his eyes again. (The screen fades to black.) End	neither
The One Where Rachel Finds Out Written by: Chris Brown Transcribed by: Dan Silverstein	0
[Scene: Central Perk, the whole gang is there, Ross is showing pictures of his new baby boy, Ben, to the group.]	0
Ross: And here's little Ben nodding off...	neither
Monica: Awww, look at Aunt Monica's little boy!	neither
Phoebe: Oh, look, he's got Ross's haircut!	neither
Rachel: Oh, let me see! (grabs picture) Oh, God, is he just the sweetest thing? You must just want to kiss him all over! (Ross is practically drooling over Rachel at this point.)	neither
Ross: (quietly) That would be nice. (Chandler, annoyed with Ross's fawning, makes a 'pfft' noise.)	neither
Rachel: Pardon?	neither
Chandler: Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft. (walks over to where Joey is seated) (Joey is looking at his check.)	neither
Joey: Hey, Chan, can you help me out here? I promise I'll pay you back.	neither
Chandler: Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.	neither
Joey: I will, really. I'll pay you back this time.	neither
Chandler: (sigh)... And where's this money coming from? (gives money to Joey)	neither
Joey: Well... I'm helping out down at the N.Y.U. Med School with some... research.	neither
Ross: (overhearing) What kind of research?	neither
Joey: Oh, just, y'know.... science.	neither
Ross: Science. Yeah, I think I've heard of that. (everyone's interest is piqued, they all look over)	yes
Joey: (sigh)... It's a fertility study. (Rachel laughs.)	neither
Monica: Oh, Joey, please tell me you're only donating your time.	yes
Joey: Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.	neither
Ross: Hey.	neither
Phoebe: Wow, ooh, you're gonna be making money hand over fist! Opening Credits	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Phoebe are preparing for a barbecue for Rachel's birthday.]	0
Monica: OK, we got the cole slaw, we got the buns...	neither
Phoebe: We've got the ground-up flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys, ew... (hands meat to Monica) (Chandler and Joey enter with charcoal.)	neither
Chandler: (in a deep voice) Men are here.	neither
Joey: We make fire. Cook meat.	neither
Chandler: Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back. Monica and Phoebe: Ewww!	neither
Monica: Oh Joey, Melanie called, said she's gonna be late.	neither
Joey: Oh, OK.	neither
Phoebe: So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your (provocatively) special someone?	neither
Joey: I don't know, she's, uh.... she's pretty great.	neither
Monica: Yeah? What does she think of your little science project?	neither
Joey: What, you think I'm gonna tell a girl I like that I'm also seeing a cup?	neither
Monica: Man's got a point.	neither
Joey: Well, the tough thing is, she really wants to have sex with me.	neither
Chandler: Crazy bitch.	yes
Joey: Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean.	neither
Monica: Joey... we always know what you mean. [Time lapse. Chandler and Joey are making the fire, Monica and Phoebe are inside. Ross enters, carrying luggage.]	?
Phoebe: Hey.	neither
Monica: Hey.	neither
Ross: Hey. (Phoebe sees his bags)	neither
Phoebe: How long did you think this barbecue was gonna last?	neither
Ross: I'm going to China.	neither
Phoebe: Jeez, you say one thing, and...	neither
Monica: You're going to China?	neither
Ross: Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the bo&#151;it's&#151;it's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary (hands a sheet of paper to Monica). Um... here's a picture of me... (hands it to Monica)	neither
Phoebe: Oh, let me see! (takes the picture)	neither
Ross: (to Monica): Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?	neither
Monica: Yeah. (Phoebe puts the picture of Ross up to her face.)	neither
Phoebe: Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh.... (puts picture down, sees Ross staring at her) Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun.	neither
Ross: Hey, is Rachel here? Um, I wanted to wish her a happy birthday before I left.	neither
Monica: Oh no, she's out having drinks with Carl.	neither
Ross: Oh. (pause) Hey, who's Carl?	neither
Monica: You know, that guy she met at the coffeehouse.	neither
Ross: No.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, well, see, there's this guy she met at the...	neither
Ross: At the coffeehouse, right.	neither
Phoebe: So you do know who he is! (laughs, Ross stares at her) Sorry.	neither
Ross: OK, I'm gonna go say goodbye to the guys.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, hey, y'know what? Tell them that bone story. (Ross goes outisde on the balcony.)	neither
Ross: Hi.	neither
Joey: Hey!	neither
Chandler: Hey!	neither
Ross: (sigh)....I have to go to China.	neither
Joey: The country?	neither
Ross: No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?	yes
Chandler: Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no.	neither
Ross: Well, Rachel's having drinks with him tonight.	neither
Joey: Oh no! How can she do that when she's never shown any interest in you?!?	yes
Chandler: Forget about her.	neither
Joey: He's right, man. Please. Move on. Go to China. Eat Chinese food.	neither
Chandler: Course there, they just call it food.	yes
Ross: Yeah... I guess. I don't&#151;I don't know. Alright, just... just give her this for me, OK? (gives Chandler a gift for Rachel)	neither
Joey: Listen, buddy, we're just looking out for you.	neither
Ross: I know.	neither
Joey: We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me, but... I love you, man. (Joey gives Ross a hug)	yes
Chandler: I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice. [Time lapse. Melanie, Joey's girlfriend, is there with Joey, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel. Ross is gone.]	yes
Melanie: Anyway, that's when me and my friends started this whole fruit basket business. We call ourselves 'The Three Basketeers.'	neither
Joey: Like the three musketeers, only with fruit.	neither
Chandler: (sarcastic) Ooooh. (looks dumbfounded at Joey's stupidity)	yes
Monica: (gets up) OK, how does everybody like their burgers?	neither
Rachel: Oh, no, no, no. Presents first. Food later. (walks into living room) (Everyone follows Rachel to the living room. Monica pulls Joey aside.)	neither
Monica: Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up?	neither
Joey: Well, not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night we're gonna... complete the transaction, if you know what I... (Monica rolls her eyes.)	neither
Joey: Then you do. Heh, heh.	neither
Monica: So, uh, have you ever thought about being there for her?	neither
Joey: What do you mean?	neither
Monica: Y'know, just be there for her. (Long pause... Joey looks confused.)	neither
Joey: Not following you.	neither
Monica: Think about it. (They both walk over to where Rachel is opening her gifts. Rachel sees her first gift is a fruit basket.)	neither
Rachel: OK, I'm guessing this is from... (Melanie smiles.)	neither
Rachel: Well, thank you, Melanie.	neither
Chandler: (pointing out a gift) OK, this one right here is from me.	neither
Rachel: (picks it up) OK... ah, it's light... (shakes it)...it rattles... it's... (opens it) Travel Scrabble! Oooohhh, thank you! (she gives it back to him) (Chandler looks dejected. Rachel picks up another gift.)	yes
Rachel: This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And...(opens it)...it's a book!	neither
Phoebe: Oh, it's Dr. Seuss!	neither
Joey: (to Rachel): That book got me through some tough times.	neither
Melanie: There is a little child inside this man!	neither
Chandler: Yes, the doctors say if they remove it, he'll die. (Rachel picks up the next gift.)	yes
Rachel: Who's this from?	neither
Chandler: Oh, that's Ross's.	neither
Rachel: Oh... (opens it)... (sees it is a pin) Oh my God. He remembered.	neither
Phoebe: Remembered what?	neither
Rachel: It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!	happy
Chandler: Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane? (pats his Travel Scrabble game)	neither
Phoebe: Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.	neither
Monica: I can't believe he did this.	neither
Chandler: Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck? (Everyone looks at him. He realizes he just spilled the beans about Ross's crush on Rachel. You can hear this entire classic scene by clicking here.)	neither
Rachel: What did you just say?	neither
Chandler: (panicked) ahem... um... Crystal duck.	neither
Rachel: No, no, no.... the, um, the... 'love' part?	neither
Chandler: (stuttering incoherently) F-hah.... flennin....	neither
Rachel: Oh.... my God.	neither
Chandler: (rubbing his temples) Oh, no-no-no-no-no....	neither
Joey: (pats Chandler on the leg) That's good, just keep rubbing your head. That'll turn back time. Commercial Break	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.]	0
Rachel: I mean, this is unbelievable.	neither
Phoebe: I know. This is really, really huge.	neither
Chandler: No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.	neither
Phoebe: Nuh-uh. I don't think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again.	neither
Chandler: OK, is there a mute button on this woman?	yes
Monica: I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?	neither
Rachel: No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... (to Joey): W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?	neither
Joey: Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.	neither
Rachel: Ross? All this time? Well, I've got to talk to him. (gets up to leave)	neither
Chandler: (quickly) H-He's in China!	neither
Joey: The country.	neither
Monica: No, no, wait. (checks Ross's itinerary) His flight doesn't leave for another forty-five more minutes.	neither
Chandler: What about the time difference?	neither
Monica: From here to the airport?	?
Chandler: Yes! (Rachel walks towards door) You're never gonna make it!	?
Monica: Rachel, what're you gonna say to him?	neither
Rachel: I-I-I don't know.	neither
Chandler: Well then maybe you shouldn't go.	neither
Joey: He's right, cause if you're just gonna, like, break his heart, that's the kind of thing that can wait.	neither
Monica: Yeah, but if it's good news, you should tell him now.	neither
Rachel: I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him.	neither
Phoebe: Here, look, alright, does this help? (Phoebe gets up, holds the picture of Ross up to her face.)	neither
Rachel: Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later. (opens door)	neither
Chandler: Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first! (she leaves)	yes
[Scene: Airport, Ross has headphones on, and is listening to a 'How To Speak Chinese' tape. Occasionally, he makes an outburst in Chinese in accordance with the tape. He is getting on the jetway. The flight attendant is there.]	0
Ross: (something in Chinese) Flight Attendant: Alright!	neither
Ross: Ni-chou chi-ma! (walks onto jetway) (Rachel runs into the airport, trying to catch Ross, moving people out of the way.)	neither
Rachel: Ross! Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me.... (Rachel gets up to the jetway.) Flight Attendant: Hi!	neither
Rachel: Hi. Flight Attendant: May I see your boarding pass?	neither
Rachel: Oh, no, no, I don't have one. I just need to talk to my friend. Flight Attendant: Oh, oooh. I'm sorry. You are not allowed on the jetway unless you have a boarding pass.	neither
Rachel: No, I know, but I&#151;he just went on. He's right there, he's got the blue jacket on, I... can I j-just... Flight Attendant: No no no! Federal regulations!	neither
Rachel: OK, alright, OK, um... then could you please, uh... just give him a message for me? Please? This is very important. Flight Attendant: Alright. What's the message?	neither
Rachel: Uh... I don't know. [Cut to the Jetway, the flight attendant enters, walks past Ross, and approaches an older man with his wife who is also wearing a blue jacket.] Flight Attendant: Sir? Sir? Excuse me, sir? Uh... I have a message for you.	neither
Man: (confused) What? Flight Attendant: It's from Rachel. She said that she loved the present, and she will see you when you get back.	neither
Man: (to wife): Toby... Oh, for God's sake, I don't know what she's talking about! There's no Rachel! Don't give me that deep freeze.	neither
[Scene: Joey's Bedroom, he and Melanie are in bed together.]	0
Melanie: Mmmmmm... Oh, Joey, Joey, Joey... I think I blacked out there for a minute!	neither
Joey: Heh, heh. It was nothin'.	neither
Melanie: Well, now we've gotta find something fun for you! (she starts kissing his chest)	neither
Joey: (panicked) Uhhh.. y'know what? Forget about me. Let's, uh... let's give you another turn.	neither
Melanie: (surprised) M-Me again?	neither
Joey: Sure! Why not?	neither
Melanie: Boy, somebody's gonna get a big fruit basket tomorrow. (Joey starts to kiss her.)	neither
Melanie: Oooh, I gotta tell you... you are nothing like I thought you would be.	neither
Joey: How do you mean?	neither
Melanie: I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel are there. Monica is holding the wrapping paper from one of Rachel's gifts.]	0
Monica: Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?	neither
Rachel: I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross. Monica and Phoebe: Sure.	neither
Rachel: I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.	neither
Monica: Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!	happy
Phoebe: Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.	neither
Monica: Another good point.	neither
Phoebe: No, I mean, I mean, when you're at the fifteenth date, y'know, you're already in a very relationshippy place. Y'know, it's... you're committed.	neither
Rachel: (confused) Huh?	neither
Phoebe: Well, I mean, then what happens if it doesn't work out?	neither
Monica: Why isn't it working out?	neither
Rachel: I don't know... sometimes it doesn't.	neither
Monica: Is he not cute enough for you?	neither
Rachel: No!	neither
Monica: Does he not make enough money?	neither
Rachel: No, I'm just....	neither
Phoebe: Maybe there's someone else.	neither
Rachel: Wha...	neither
Monica: Is there? Is there someone else?	neither
Rachel: No! There is.. there is noone else!	neither
Monica: Then why the hell are you dumping my brother?!?	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is eating breakfast, Joey quietly opens his bedroom door.]	0
Chandler: Hey, big...	neither
Joey: Shhhh!	neither
Chandler: (quietly) ...spender.	neither
Joey: She's still asleep.	neither
Chandler: So how'd it go?	neither
Joey: Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed?	neither
Chandler: The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.	neither
Joey: Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!	neither
Chandler: Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.	yes
Joey: It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me, too. It's like, all of a sudden, I'm blind. But all my other senses are heightened, y'know? It's like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.	neither
Chandler: I didn't know you had another level.	yes
Joey: I know! Neither did I!	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, one week later. Monica is seated, Rachel comes out of her bedroom.]	0
Monica: Hey, great skirt! Birthday present?	neither
Rachel: Yeah.	neither
Monica: Oh, from who?	neither
Rachel: From you. I exchanged the blouse you got me.	neither
Monica: Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B?	neither
Rachel: Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided this&#151;this whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea.	neither
Monica: Oh, why?	neither
Rachel: Because, I feel like I wouldn't just be going out with him. I would be going out with all of you. Oh, and there would just be all this pressure, and I don't wanna...	neither
Monica: (gets up) No, no, no, no, no, no pressure, no pressure!	neither
Rachel: Monica, nothing has even happened yet, and you're already so...	neither
Monica: I am not 'so'! OK, I was a teensy bit weird at first, but... I'll be good. I promise. (Door buzzer goes off. Rachel answers it.)	neither
Rachel: Who is it?	neither
Intercom: It's me, Carl.	neither
Rachel: C'mon up.	neither
Monica: Behind my brother's back? (Rachel glares at her) ... is exactly the kind of crazy thing you won't be hearing from me.	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is seated, and the apartment is filled with baskets of fruit. Joey enters, check in hand.]	0
Joey: Seven hundred bucks!	neither
Chandler: Alright, you did it! Do we have any fruit?	neither
Joey: Man, hell of a two weeks, huh? Y'know what, though? I really feel like I learned something.	neither
Chandler: Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?	neither
Joey: What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this? (Joey closes his eyes and walks around with arms spread.)	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's Balcony, Rachel is having drinks with her date, Carl.]	0
Carl: I'm just sayin', if I see one more picture of Ed Begley, Jr. in that stupid electric car, I'm gonna shoot myself! I mean, don't get me wrong... I'm not against environmental issues per se.... it's just that guy! (Rachel looks bored. At this point, Ross&#151;a figment of Rachel's imagination&#151; shows up on the balcony and starts talking to her.)	neither
Ross: I can't believe you'd rather go out with him than me.	neither
Rachel: Would you excuse me, please? I'm trying to have a date here.	neither
Ross: Fine, just stop thinking about me. (She tries, and Ross disappears momentarily. He reappears, standing closer to her.)	neither
Ross: Can't do it, can you?	neither
Rachel: So I'm thinking about you. So what?	neither
Ross: I don't get it. What do you see in this guy, anyway?	neither
Rachel: Well... he happens to be a very nice... guy....	neither
Carl: I mean, come on, buddy, get a real car!	neither
Ross: Rachel, come on. Give us a chance.	neither
Rachel: Ross, it's too hard.	neither
Ross: No, no, no... why, because it might get weird for everyone else? Who cares about them. This is about us. Look, I-I've been in love with you since, like, the ninth grade.	neither
Rachel: Ross, you're like my best friend.	neither
Ross: I know.	neither
Rachel: If we broke up, and I lost you...	neither
Ross: Whoa, whoa, whoa. What makes you think we're gonna break up?	neither
Rachel: Well, have you been involved with someone where you haven't broken up?	neither
Ross: (pause) No. But... it only has to happen once. Look, you and I both know we are perfect for each other, right? I mean... so, the only question is... are you attracted to me?	neither
Rachel: I don't know... I mean, I've never looked at you that way before.	neither
Ross: Well, start looking. (They kiss. Ross walks away, and then fades out.)	neither
Rachel: Wow.	neither
Carl: Exactly! And you just know I'm gonna be the guy caught behind this hammerhead in traffic!	neither
Rachel: Right! You're right!	neither
Carl: Heh... y'know?	neither
Rachel: You know what?	neither
Carl: What?	neither
Rachel: I forgot... I am supposed to pick up a friend at the airport. I am so sorry! I'm so... if you want to stay, and finish your drinks, please do.... (gives him her drink) I mean&#151;I'm sorry. I-I-I gotta go. I'm sorry. (Rachel leaves.)	neither
Carl: But...	neither
[Scene: Airport. Madonna's Take A Bow plays in the background as Rachel waits at the gate with flowers.]	0
Rachel: (sifting through crowd) Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Hi. [Cut to the jetway, the old man who the flight attendant delivered Rachel's message to gets off the plane, his wife still upset with him.]	neither
Man: For God's sake, will you let it go? There's no Rachel! (A Chinese woman getting off the plane drops one of her bags. Ross gets off next.)	neither
Ross: Oh, hey, hey, I got that. (Ross picks up the bag... then he and the woman kiss.)	neither
Julie: Oh, thanks, sweetie.	neither
Ross: No problem. I cannot wait for you to meet my friends.	neither
Julie: Really?	neither
Ross: Yeah.	neither
Julie: You don't think they'll judge and ridicule me?	neither
Ross: No, no, they will. I just... uh... Ross and Julie: Can't wait.	neither
Ross: Come on, they're gonna love you. [Cut to a close-up of Rachel, eagerly awaiting Ross's arrival... not knowing he is getting off the plane with another woman.] End	neither
The One With Ross' New Girlfriend Written by: Jeff Astroff &amp; Mike Sikowitz Transcribed by: Mindy Mattingly Phillips With Minor Adjustments by: Eric Aasen	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is recapping last season, and as she talks we see a montague of scenes from Ross and Rachel.]	0
Phoebe: Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like &quot;forget about her&quot; but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, &quot;Oh my god.&quot; So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been? Opening Credits [Scene, The Airport, continued from last season, Rachel is waiting for Ross to come of the plane, when she sees he's coming off with another woman.]	neither
Rachel: Oh my god. Oh my god. (She decides to make a break for it.) Excuse me. Move! Move! Emergency! Excuse me! (She tries climbing over a bench and falls down.)	neither
Ross: (seeing her) Rach!	neither
Rachel: Oh, there you are! Hi! Oh, so, so, how was China, you? (Hits him with the flowers.)	neither
Ross: It was, it was great. Oh, what happened?	neither
Rachel: What?	neither
Ross: You're bleeding.	neither
Rachel: I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. Come on. I wanna hear everything! Everything. (Looks at Julie)	neither
Ross: Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.	neither
Rachel: These are, these aren't for you. (to Julie) These are for you. (Loudly, thinking she can't speak English.) Welcome to our country.	neither
Julie: (Loudly, proving she can speak English.) Thank you. I'm from New York.	neither
Rachel: Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang is waiting for Rachel to return from the airport with Ross.]	0
Chandler:&nbsp; No way!	neither
Monica: I'm telling you, she went to the airport, and she's gonna go for it with Ross!	neither
Phoebe: Oh my god. This is huge. This is bigger than huge. This is like, all right, what's bigger than huge?	neither
Joey: Um, this?	neither
Phoebe: Yes.	neither
Monica: Guys, you got your hair cut.	neither
Chandler: Yes, yes, we did, thanks to Vidal Buffay.	neither
Phoebe: 'Cause, you know, (in that voice) if you don't look good, we don't look good. I love that voice.	neither
Rachel: (entering, out of breath) Airport, airport. Ross, not alone, Julie, arm around her. Cramp, cramp.	neither
Chandler: Ok, I think she's trying to tell us something. Quick, get the verbs. (She hits Chandler.)	neither
Rachel: (to Chandler) You, you, you said he liked me. (Ross and Julie enter) You, you slowpokes!	neither
Ross: That's all right, Rach, we got the bags. Hi, hello. Julie, this is my sister Monica. This is Chandler.&nbsp; Phoebe.&nbsp; Joey, what up?	neither
Joey: What up?!	neither
Ross: Everyone, this is Julie.	neither
Rachel: (out of breath) Julie.	neither
All: Ohh. (Happily) Hi!	neither
Julie: Hi, but I'm not here, you haven't met me. I'll make a much better first impression tomorrow when I don't have 20 hours of cab and plane on me.	neither
Ross: And bus.	neither
Julie: Oh my god.	neither
Ross:&nbsp; The screaming guy?	neither
Julie:&nbsp; And the spitting?	neither
Ross: You gotta hear this story.	neither
Julie: We're on this bus, that's easily 200 years old...	neither
Ross: 200 at least.	neither
Julie:&nbsp; ...and this guy...	neither
Rachel: And the chicken pooped in her lap. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just gave away the ending, didn't I? Oh! It's just, I just heard this story in the cab, and it is all I can think about.	neither
Monica: This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?	neither
Julie: Well, Ross and I were in grad school together.	neither
Ross: But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.	neither
Rachel: Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?	yes
Monica: (to Julie) It's an expression.	neither
Ross: Well, we just wanted to say a quick hi, and then we're gonna go see the baby.	neither
Julie: And then we've gotta get some sleep.	neither
Ross: Yeah, it's really 6:00 tomorrow night our time.	neither
Chandler: Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen though, 'cause I like to be surprised. (Ross and Julie exit)	yes
Rachel: Bye. (She closes the door and everyone tries to sympathize with her.)	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross and Chandler enter.]	0
Ross: Hey, Rach, can I get some coffee?	neither
Rachel: Yeah, sure.	neither
Ross: Thank you.	neither
Chandler: Hey, Rach, can I get...	neither
Rachel: Did you talk to him?	neither
Chandler: Not yet.	neither
Rachel: Then, no. (He goes to sit down next to Ross.)	neither
Chandler: So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.	neither
Ross: I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?	neither
Chandler: God?	neither
Ross: It was you, pal.	neither
Chandler: Well, maybe it was God, doing me.	neither
Ross: Look, you were right. She looks at me and sees a friend, that's all. But then I met Julie, and I don't know, we're havin' a great time. And I have to say, I never would've gone for it with her if it hadn't been for you.	neither
Chandler: Well, you owe me one, big guy.	neither
Rachel: (To Ross) Here's your lemonade.	neither
Ross: I didn't order lemonade.	neither
Rachel: Oh. Well then, you better go take that back because they're gonna charge you for that.	neither
Ross: But...	neither
Rachel: Go-go-go-go, come on! (Ross goes over to the counte) (to Chandler) So uh, what did you find out?	neither
Chandler: He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself!&nbsp; Without any outside help whatsoever.	neither
Rachel: How is that the silver lining?	neither
Chandler: You have to really wanna see it.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross and the gang is watching Sumo wrestling on TV.]	0
Ross: Ironically, these are the guys who were picked last in gym. [Cut to Phoebe and Monica in the kitchen.]	neither
Monica: Pheebes, you know what I'm thinking?	neither
Phoebe: Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?	neither
Monica: No, although now that's what I'm thinking.	neither
Phoebe: All right, so what were you thinking?	neither
Monica: Well, I was thinking, that you gave the guys such great haircuts, I thought, maybe you'd like to do mine?	neither
Phoebe: Ohh! No.	neither
Monica: Why not?	neither
Phoebe: Because, I'm just, I'm incredibly anal and an unbelievable control freak.	neither
Monica: No you're not.	neither
Phoebe: I know I'm not, but you are, and I was trying to spare your feelings. (The phone rings.)	neither
Joey: (answering the phone) Hello? Oh, hi. Yeah, hold on a second. Ross, it's Julie, for you. (Throws him the phone.)	neither
Ross: (on phone) Hello? Hi.	neither
Chandler: (entering) Hi. Anybody know a good tailor?	neither
Joey: Needs some clothes altered?	neither
Chandler: No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.	yes
Joey: Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. (still confused) All right, when was 1990?	neither
Chandler: Okay.&nbsp; You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!	?
Ross: (on phone) Ok, ok, sweetheart, I'll see you later. Ok, bye. What? (Sits down next to Rachel) Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. (Doesn't hang up and motions for Rachel to be quiet) Well you didn't hang up either.	neither
Rachel: She didn't hang up either!	neither
Ross: Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y...	neither
Rachel: (taking the phone and hanging it up) Sorry, I thought you were talking to me.	neither
Ross: Rachel! I'll just call her back.	neither
Rachel: Okay!	neither
Ross: (calls Julie back) Hi?&nbsp; Sorry, we got disconnected... (Walks away.)	neither
Rachel: (to Monica) Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.	neither
Monica: Sweetie, I wanted you to have him too.	neither
Rachel: I know you did. I'm just gonna deal with it, I'm just gonna deal with it. (Ross comes by, smoching with Julie on the phone.) I gotta get out of here. (Exits)	neither
Chandler: Ok, I don't care what you guys say, something's bothering her.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning.]	0
Joey: (to Chandler) You know, I think I was sixteen.	neither
Monica: (to Phoebe) Please, just a little bit off the back.	neither
Phoebe: I'm still on &quot;no.&quot;	neither
Rachel: (poking her head in from her bedroom) Uh, morning. Do you guys think you could close your eyes for just a sec?	neither
Joey: No-no-no-no-no, (grabs his pants) I'm not fallin' for that again.	neither
Phoebe: What's goin' on?	neither
Rachel: Well, I sorta did a stupid thing last night.	neither
Chandler: What stupid thing did you do?	neither
Paulo: (entering from Rachel's room) Bon giorno tutti!	neither
Phoebe: Ewww! (Gets up and walks away.) Commercial Break	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.]	0
Rachel: Ok, Paulo, why don't you just go get dressed, and then you be on your way, ok, bye-bye. (Paulo goes into his room.)	neither
Monica: Rachel, how did this happen?	neither
Rachel: I don't know, I just kinda ran into him last night.	neither
Phoebe: Where?	neither
Rachel: At his apartment. Is this juice?	neither
Joey: Whoa, whoa. And the fact that you dumped him because he hit on Phoebe?	neither
Rachel: Oh God, I know I'm a pathetic loser.	neither
Monica: Honey, you're not pathetic, you're sad.	neither
Chandler: People do stupid things when they're upset.	neither
Monica: My god, if I had a nickel for every guy I wish I hadn't...(Everyone looks at her), but this is about your horrible mistake. (Ross and Julie enter.)	neither
All: Hi!	neither
Ross: Hi. Sorry we're late but we were&#151;well, there was touching.	neither
Paulo: (entering) Hey, hey Ross.	neither
Ross: Hey, Paulo. What are you doing here?	neither
Paulo: I do Raquel.	neither
Ross: (to Rachel) So, uh, he's back.	neither
Rachel: Yeah, he's back. Is that a problem?	neither
Ross: No, not a problem.	neither
Rachel: Good! I'm glad it's not a problem.	neither
Phoebe: (to Paulo) Ok, you're gonna have to not touch my ass.	neither
Chandler: Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered.	neither
Joey: Hey, Chandler, when you see Frankie, tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. He'll know what it means.	neither
Chandler: Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?	yes
Monica: (to Phoebe) You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.	neither
Phoebe: All right. Ok, but, but!&nbsp; You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.	neither
Monica: I promise.	neither
Phoebe: All right. (Talking to Monica's hair.) Now some of you are gonna get cut, and some of you aren't. But I promise none of you are gonna feel a thing.	neither
[Scene: Monica's bedroom, Phoebe is finishing with her haircut and Monica is whincing.]	0
Phoebe: All right, that's it, I quit.	neither
Monica: What? I didn't say anything.	neither
Phoebe: Yeah, but this (makes Monica's face) isn't the face of a person who trusts a person. Ok, this (makes Monica's face) is the face of a person who, you know, doesn't trust a person.	neither
Monica: I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Phoebe. It's just a little shorter than what we had discussed.	neither
Phoebe: Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it.	neither
Monica: How who wears it?	neither
Phoebe: Demi Moore.	neither
Monica: Demi Moore is not a he.	neither
Phoebe: Well, he was a he in Arthur, and in Ten.	neither
Monica: That's Dudley Moore. I said I wanted it like Demi Moore.	neither
Phoebe: Oh.&nbsp; Oh!	neither
Monica: Oh my God!	neither
Phoebe: Oh my God!	neither
Monica: Oh my God!	neither
Phoebe: Oh my God! I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Which one's Demi Moore?	neither
Monica: She's the actress that was in Disclosure, Indecent Proposal, Ghost!	neither
Phoebe: Oh, she's got gorgeous hair.	neither
Monica: I know!	neither
[Scene: Frank's tailor shop, Chandler is getting his pants measured.]	0
Frankie: How long do you want the cuffs?	neither
Chandler: At least as long as I have the pants. (Pause as Frankie resumes his work.)	yes
Frankie: I just got that. Ok, now we'll do your inseam. (He slowly measures it up his leg, and Chandler makes a rather surprised face.)	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is recovering from her haircut, Phoebe is playing her doctor and is coming in from the bedroom.]	0
Rachel: How is she?	neither
Phoebe: It's too soon to tell. She's resting, which is a good sign.	neither
Ross: How's the hair?	neither
Phoebe: I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling.	neither
Joey: Can we see her?	neither
Phoebe: Your hair looks too good, I think it would upset her. Ross, why don't you come on in.	neither
Ross:&nbsp; Yeah. (Gets up, but then pauses when he realizes what that meant.) (They go into the bedroom leaving Joey and Rachel alone.)	neither
Joey: How're you doing?	neither
Rachel: I'm okay.	neither
Joey: Ooh, that bad, huh?	neither
Rachel: What?	neither
Joey: Look, I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. It's one of my gifts.	neither
Rachel: When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I hit rock bottom. But today, it's like there's rock bottom, 50 feet of crap, then me.	neither
Joey: You gotta tell Ross how you feel.	neither
Rachel: Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?	neither
Joey: What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.	neither
Rachel: I don't know, I don't know.	neither
Joey: Look, Rach, Rach! I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.	neither
Chandler: (entering, angry) Yo, paisan! Can I talk to you for a sec? (Pause) Your tailor is a very bad man!	neither
Joey: Frankie? What're you talking about?	neither
Ross: (entering from the bedroom) Hey, what's goin' on? (Pats Chandler on the shoulder which causes him to jump.)	neither
Chandler: Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.	neither
Ross: What?	neither
Joey: No way. I've been going to the guy for 12 years.	neither
Chandler: Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...	neither
Ross: What?	neither
Chandler: Cupping.	neither
Joey: That's how they do pants! First they go up one side, they move it over, then they go up the other side, they move it back, and then they do the rear. (Chandler and Ross stare at him) What? Ross, Ross, would you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?	neither
Ross: Yes, yes it is. In prison! Whatsa matter with you?	yes
Joey: What? That's not? (Realizes) Oh my God.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, later that day.&nbsp; Monica is now out and about.]	0
Monica: Even Mary Tyler Moore would've been better.	neither
Ross: I like it. I do, I think it's a Ten. (Chandler laughs.)	neither
Monica: Thank you. My hair is very amused.	yes
Chandler: Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.	neither
Phoebe: (to Chandler and Ross) Thank you.	yes
Ross: Well, I gotta go. Bye. Bye, Rach.	neither
Rachel: (sticking her head in from the balcony) Wait, are you leaving?	neither
Ross: Yeah, that's kinda what I meant by &quot;bye!&quot;	neither
Rachel: Well, can I talk to you for a sec?	neither
Ross: Okay. (goes out onto the balcony)	neither
Joey: Hey, when the doctor does that hernia test...	neither
Chandler: That's ok. [Out on the balcony]	neither
Ross: What's goin' on?	neither
Rachel: Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all (Ross is laughing), what?	neither
Ross: Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?	neither
Rachel: No. No-no-no-no.	neither
Ross: Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I mean I actually&#151;I-I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that.	neither
Rachel: Really?	neither
Ross: You deserve to be with someone who appreciates you, and who gets how funny and sweet and amazing, and adorable, and sexy you are, you know? Someone who wakes up every morning thinking &quot;Oh my god, I'm with Rachel&quot;. You know, someone who makes you feel good, the way I am with Julie. (Rachel has moved closer, but hearing that she starts to back up.) Was there a second of all?	neither
Rachel: No, I think that was the whole all.	neither
Ross: Okay.&nbsp; Okay. (They hug.) Okay. [Cut back inside, Joey is on the phone.]	neither
Joey: I swear to god, Dad. That's not how they measure pants. Closing Credits	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, Julie is wanting to get her hair cut from Phoebe.]	0
Julie: I was thinking of doing it a little shorter, you know, like Andie McDowell's new haircut?	neither
Phoebe: Oh yeah!&nbsp; Oh, I can do that.	neither
Julie: Really?	neither
Phoebe: You wanna do it right now?	neither
Julie: Great! (Julie leaves)	neither
Phoebe: (to Rachel) Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andie McDowell's the girl from Four Weddings and a Funeral, right?	neither
Rachel: No. No no no no no. That's Rodney McDowell. Andie McDowell is the guy from Planet of the Apes.	yes
Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Ok, thank you.	neither
Rachel: You're welcome. End	neither
The One With the Breast Milk Written by: Adam Chase &amp; Ira Ungerleider Transcribed by: Mindy Mattingly Phillips With Minor Adjustments by: Eric Aasen	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Carol and Susan are showing off Ben to the gang.]	0
Monica: (entering from her bedroom carrying a present) Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist. (There a little pair of Nike shoes.)	neither
Phoebe: Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. (Ben starts to cry) Oh my God, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him?	neither
Susan: Oh, is he hungry already?	neither
Carol: I guess so. (Carol starts to breast feed Ben.)	neither
Chandler: You know, it's... (sees the feeding taking place next to him) something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back. (Goes into the kitchen)	neither
Joey: (joins him) I gotta get one, too.	neither
Ross: (following them into the kitchen) What are you guys doing?	neither
Chandler: We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle?	neither
Ross: Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world.	neither
Joey: Yeah, we know, but there's a baby suckin' on it.	neither
Ross: This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on. (They go back into the living room)	neither
Ross: Carol?	neither
Chandler: Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?	neither
Carol: Sure.	neither
Joey: Uh, does it hurt?	neither
Carol: It did at first, but not anymore.	neither
Joey: Chandler?	neither
Chandler: So, uh, how often can you do it?	neither
Carol: As much as he needs.	neither
Joey: Ok, I got one, I got one. Uh, if he blows into one, does the other one get bigger? Opening Credits	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, the gang is all there.]	0
Julie: Rachel, do you have any muffins left?	neither
Rachel: Yeah, I forget which ones.	neither
Julie: Oh, you're busy, that's ok, I'll get it. Anybody else want one?	neither
All: No thanks.	neither
Julie: (To Rachel) Oh, you're losin' your apron here, let me get it. There you go. (Ties it back up for her)	neither
Rachel: (to Julie) Thank you. (under her breath to Chandler) What a bitch.	yes
Julie: Oh, listen you guys. I have this friend at Bloomingdale's who's quitting tomorrow and he wants to abuse his discount. So, anyone want to come with me and take advantage of it?	neither
Phoebe: I can't, I have to take my grandmother to the vet.	neither
Monica: Ok, um, I'll go with you.	neither
Julie: Great.	neither
Ross: (enters) Hi, honey.	neither
Chandler: Hey, sweetums.	neither
Ross: Hello to the rest.	neither
All:&nbsp; Hi!	neither
Joey: Monica what're you doin'? You can't go shopping with her? What about Rachel?	neither
Monica: It's gonna be a problem, isn't it?	neither
Chandler: Come on, you're going to Bloomingdale's with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.	yes
Monica: But I'm...	neither
Phoebe: Monica, she will kill you. She will kill you like a dog in the street.	neither
Ross: (to Monica) So, uh, Jules tells me you guys are going shopping tomorrow?	neither
Monica: Yeah, uh, it's actually not that big a deal.	neither
Ross: It's a big deal to me. This is great, Monica. I really appreciate this.	neither
Monica: You're welcome.	neither
Phoebe: Woof, woof.	?
[Scene: A Department Store, Joey is selling men's cologne.]	0
Joey: (A guy walks by) Bijan for men? (Another guy walks by) Bijan for men? (Another guy walks by) Bijan for men? (An attractive woman walks by.) Hey Annabelle.	neither
Annabelle: Hey, Joey. So did you hear about the new guy?	neither
Joey: Who?	neither
Annabelle: Nobody knows his name. Me and the girls just call him the Hombre man. (The Hombre man enters.) Hombre Man: (to a customer) Hombre? (The guy says yes, and gets his sample.)	neither
Joey: What's he doin' in my section?	neither
Annabelle: I guess he doesn't know.	neither
Joey: Well, he's gonna. I'll see you a little later, ok? (To the Hombre Man) Hey, how ya doin'? Hombre Man: Mornin'.	neither
Joey: Listen, I know you're new, but it's kinda understood that everything from Young Men's to the escalator is my territory. Hombre Man: Your territory, huh?	neither
Joey: Yeah. Bijan for men?	neither
Guy: No thanks. Hombre Man: Hombre?	neither
Guy: Yeah. All right. (They guy gets his sample and leaves.) Hombre Man: (To Joey) You were saying?	yes
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there as Monica enters.]	0
Monica: Phoebe, listen. You were with me, and we were shopping all day.	neither
Phoebe: What?	neither
Monica: We were shopping, and we had lunch.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, all right. What did I have?	neither
Monica: You had a salad.	neither
Phoebe: Oh, no wonder I don't feel full.	neither
Rachel: (entering) Hey, guys, what's up.	neither
Phoebe: I went shopping with Monica all day, and I had a salad.	neither
Rachel: Good, Pheebs. What'd you buy?	neither
Phoebe: Um, we went shopping for um, for, fur.	neither
Rachel: You went shopping for fur?	neither
Phoebe: Yes, and then I realized I'm against that, and uh, so then we bought some, (sees Monica pointing at her chest) uh, boobs.	neither
Rachel: You bought boobs?	neither
Phoebe: (Monica is yanking on her bra strap) Bras! We bought bras! We bought bras.	neither
[Scene: The Department Store, Joey is trying to sell some cologne.]	0
Joey: (to a guy) Bijan for men? (to a guy) Bijan for men? (To a woman) Bijan for... (Sees it's a woman and stops.) (To Annabelle who walks up.) Hey, Annabelle, Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe after work you and I could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.	neither
Annabelle: Oh, actually I sorta have plans. Hombre Man: (entering) Ready, Annabelle?	neither
Annabelle: You bet. (to Joey) Maybe some other time?	neither
Joey: (To a co-worker) Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. (A customer walks by.) Bijan for men? (The customer ignores him, and Joey starts to chase him) Bijan for men?!	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Carol is dropping Ben off for Ross to watch.]	0
Carol: Ok, and this is Funny Clown. Funny Clown is only for after his naps, not before his naps or he won't sleep.	neither
Ross: Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son.	neither
Susan: Honey, relax. Ross is great with him. (Ross looks at her.) Don't look so surprised. I'm a lovely person.	neither
Rachel: Oh, this is so cute.	neither
Susan: Oh, I got that for him.	neither
Ross: My mommies love me. That's clever.	neither
Monica: Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju&#151;(Sees Rachel is watching)&#151;Hi, Jew! (Walks into the kitchen.) (Listens.) Uh huh? (Listens.) Uh huh? (Listens) Ok. (Listens) Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye. (Hangs up.)	neither
Rachel: Did you just say Hi, Jew?	neither
Monica: Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler, Rachel, and Joey are eating, and Phoebe is preparing Ben's milk.]	0
Phoebe: Ben, dinner!	neither
Ross: Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that.	neither
Phoebe: Duh, I think I know how to heat breast milk. Ok. (Squirts some on her wrist and tastes it.)	neither
Chandler: What did you just do?	neither
Phoebe: I licked my arm, what?	neither
Ross: It's breast milk.	neither
Phoebe: So?	neither
Rachel: Phoebe, that is juice, squeezed from a person.	neither
Joey: What is the big deal? (Tastes the breast milk.)	neither
Chandler: What did you just do?	neither
Ross: Ok, would people stop drinking the breast milk?	neither
Phoebe: You won't even taste it?	neither
Ross: No!	neither
Phoebe: Not even if you just pretend that it's milk?	neither
Ross: Not even if Carol's breast had a picture of a missing child on it.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, time lapse.&nbsp; Rachel is entering the living room from her bedroom as Monica enters.]	0
Monica: Hey, where is everybody?	neither
Rachel: They took Ben to the park. Where've you been?	neither
Monica: Just out. Had some lunch, just me, little quality time with me. Thanks for your jacket.	neither
Rachel: Oh, no problem. You can borrow it, by the way. (Puts her hand in the pocket) Here are your keys, hon. (She takes the keys out, sets them on the counter, and notices she also grabbed a receipt.)	neither
Monica: Okay.	0
Rachel: Mon, if uh you were at lunch alone, how come it cost you uh 53 dollars?	neither
Monica: You know what probably happened? Someone musta stolen my credit card.	neither
Rachel: And sorta just put the receipt back in your pocket?	yes
Monica: That is an excellent excellent question. That is excellent.	yes
Rachel: Monica, what is with you? Who'd you have lunch with?	neither
Monica: Judy.	neither
Rachel: Who?	neither
Monica: Julie.	neither
Rachel: What?!	neither
Monica: Jody!	neither
Rachel: You were with Julie?	neither
Monica: Look, when it started I was just trying to be nice to her because she was my brother's girlfriend. And then, one thing led to another and, before I knew it, we were...shopping.	neither
Rachel: Oh. Oh my God.	neither
Monica: Honey, wait. We only did it once. It didn't mean anything to me.	neither
Rachel: Yeah, right.&nbsp; Sure!	yes
Monica: Really, Rachel, I was thinking of you the whole time. Look, I'm sorry, all right. I never meant for you to find out!	neither
Rachel: Oh, please, you wanted to get caught. (Waves the receipt)	yes
Monica: That is not true!	neither
Rachel: Oh, so you just sort of happened to leave it in here?	yes
Monica: Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?	yes
Rachel: Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdale's? (Monica looks away.) Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now. (Exits.) Commercial Break	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ben is playing in his crib while Chandler and Ross are leaning against the rim and are completely asleep.]	0
Monica: (on the phone) Hi, who's this? (Listens) Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. (Listens) Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. (Listens) Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok? (Listens) No, I don't care what Steve thinks. (Listens) Hi, Steve. (There's a knock on the door which is answered by Phoebe.) Carol and Susan: Hey! (This wakes Chandler and Ross up)	neither
Carol: How did we do?	neither
Phoebe: Oh, I tasted Ben's milk, and Ross freaked out.	neither
Ross: I did not freak out.	neither
Carol: Why'd you freak out?	neither
Ross: Because it's breast milk. It's gross.	neither
Carol: My breast milk is gross?	neither
Susan: This should be fun.	yes
Ross: No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just, I just don't think breast milk is for adults.	neither
Chandler: Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.	yes
Carol: Ross, you're being silly. I've tried it, it's no big deal. Just taste it. (Holding out a bottle.)	neither
Ross: (jumping away) That would be no.	neither
Phoebe: Come on. It doesn't taste bad.	neither
Joey: Yeah, it's kinda sweet, sorta like, uh...	neither
Susan: Cantaloupe juice.	neither
Joey: Exactly.	neither
Ross: (staring at Susan) You've tasted it? You've tasted it.	neither
Susan: Uh huh.	neither
Ross: Oh, you've tasted it.	neither
Susan: You can keep saying it, but it won't stop being true.	neither
Ross: (he rolls up his sleeve) Gimme the bottle. (Joey hands him the bottle and Ross squirts some on his arm.) Gimme the towel. (Joey gives him the towel and he wipes it off.)	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is wiping down the peninsula counter as Joey enters dressed like a cowboy.]	0
Chandler: Howdy.	neither
Joey: (sitting on the otherside of the counter from Chandler) Gimme a box a juice. Well, they switched me over to Hombre.	neither
Chandler: Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed.	neither
Joey: Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. (Chandler pours some juice in a glass.) You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.	neither
Chandler: (slides the juice across the counter which Joey catches) What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.	neither
Joey: I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. (He downs the glass of juice in one swig.) I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.	neither
Chandler: (pours more and slides the refill to Joey) All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?	neither
Joey: Yeah I guess you're right.	neither
Chandler: You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.	yes
Joey: I'm gonna do it. (He downs the juice in one swig again.)	neither
Chandler: All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker.	neither
[Scene: Outside Central Perk, Rachel is cleaning up and Monica is pleading with her.]	0
Monica: I don't know what else to say.	neither
Rachel: Well that works out good, because I'm not listening.	yes
Monica: I feel terrible, I really do.	neither
Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, did my back hurt your knife?	yes
Monica: Rachel, (they go back inside) say that I'm friends with her, we spend some time together. Is that so terrible?	neither
Rachel: Yes.	neither
Monica: It's that terrible?	neither
Rachel: Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually (starting to cry), but now she's actually stealing you.	neither
Monica: Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, (starting to cry) you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.	neither
Rachel: I love you too. (They hug.)	neither
Phoebe: You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. (Joins in on the hug.) Oh, I really needed that. (Goes and sits down.)	neither
Monica: Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?	neither
Rachel: (crying) I'd do anything for you, you know that.	neither
Monica: (crying) I'd do anything for you. (They hug again.)	neither
Phoebe: Wait, wait, wait, wait! (Runs over and joins in on the hug again.)	neither
[Scene: The Department Store, Joey and the Hombre man are facing off in Joey's section.]	0
Joey: Mornin'. (The Hombre man ignores him) I said, mornin'. Hombre Man: I heard ya. Store Guy: All right, everybody, I'm openin' the doors. You boys ready? Hombre Man: Ready.	neither
Joey: Yeah, I'm ready. (An old West style showdown starts with Joey and the Hombre Man staring each other down as the store guy slowly lets in the first customer while Joey and the Hombre Man get ready to draw.&nbsp; In slow motion they spot the customer, eye each other, draw, and as the customer walks into the middle Joey's bottle misfires but the Hombre Man spays it into the customer's eyes.)	neither
Customer: You idiot, you stupid cowboy, you blinded me, I'm suing! Store Guy: Oh my god, Todd! What the hell did you do? Hombre Man: I'm sorry. I am such a doofus. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.	neither
Annabelle: (seeing the end result) My god, what happened?	neither
Joey: These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?	neither
Annabelle: Sure. (They walk off into the sunset, at least a picture of one.)	neither
[Scene: Central Perk, Julie and Rachel are sitting on the couch.]	0
Julie: So.	neither
Rachel: So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?	neither
Julie: I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you.	neither
Rachel: Really? Me?	neither
Julie: Yes. Oh my god, are you kidding? Ross is so crazy about you, and I really wanted you to like me, and, it's probably me being totally paranoid, but I kinda got the feeling that maybe you don't.	neither
Rachel: Well, you're not totally paranoid.	neither
Julie: Oy.	neither
Rachel: Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.	neither
Julie: Thanks. Hey, listen, would you like to go to a movie sometime or something?	neither
Rachel: Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love it.	neither
Julie: I'd love it too. Shoot, I gotta go. So, I'll talk to you later.	neither
Rachel: All right, Julie.	neither
Julie: Bye. (Gets up.)	neither
Rachel: Bye. (After Julie exits.) What a manipulative bitch. Closing Credits	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, another showdown is occuring, only this time its between Ross, a plate of cookies, and the breast milk.&nbsp; They've been eyeing each other for a while now, and Chandler and Joey are getting bored.&nbsp; He checks his Ross and in frustration, shoves his watch in front of Ross's eyes as if saying, &quot;Hurry it up already!&quot;&nbsp; Finally, Ross scratches his head, does that again, itches his nose, scratches his head, grabs the bottle, takes a big swig, and piles several cookies into his mouth.]	0
Ross: (with a mouthful) That's not bad. End	neither
The One Where Mr. Heckles Dies Originally written by Michael Curtis and Greg Malins Trascribed by Mindy Mattingly Phillips With Minor Adjustments by: Eric Aasen	0
CHANDLER: Hey.	neither
MONICA: So how was Joan?	neither
CHANDLER: I broke up with her.	neither
CHANDLER: They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.	neither
RACHEL: Come on, they were not that huge.	neither
CHANDLER: I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain.	neither
MONICA: How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?	neither
JOEY: Hold it hold it. I gotta side with Chandler on this one. When I first moved to the city, I went out a couple of times with this girl, really hot, great kisser, but she had the biggest Adam's apple. It made me nuts.	neither
CHANDLER: You or me?	neither
ROSS: I got it. Uh, Joey, women don't have Adam's apples.	neither
JOEY: You guys are messin' with me, right?	neither
ALL: Yeah.	neither
JOEY: That was a good one. For a second there, I was like, &quot;whoa.&quot;	neither
PHOEBE: You name one woman that you broke up with for a real reason.	neither
CHANDLER: Maureen Rosilla.	neither
ROSS: Not hating Yanni is not a real reason. (knock)	neither
MONICA: Hello, Mr. Heckles. MR. HECKLES: You're doing it again.	neither
MONICA: We're not doing anything. MR. HECKLES: You're stomping. It's disturbing my birds.	neither
RACHEL: You don't have birds. MR. HECKLES: I could have birds.	neither
MONICA: Ok, Mr. Heckles, we'll try to keep it down. MR. HECKLES: Thank you. I'm going to rejoin my dinner party.	neither
RACHEL: All right, bye-bye.	neither
CHANDLER: Ok, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky.	neither
ROSS: We'll give you Janice.	neither
PHOEBE: I miss Janice though. &quot;Hello, Chandler Bing.&quot;	neither
RACHEL: &quot;Oh, my, god.&quot;	neither
JOEY: &quot;Oh, Chandler, now, now, that's it. There, faster!&quot;	neither
MONICA: Stop with the broom, we're not making noise.	neither
RACHEL: We won. We won!	neither
MONICA: Mr. Heckles.	neither
RACHEL: How did this happen? MR. TREEGER: He musta been sweepin'. They found a broom in his hand.	neither
MONICA: That's terrible. MR. TREEGER: I know. I was sweepin' yesterday. It coulda been me.ROSS: Sure, sweepin'. You never know. MR. TREEGER: You never know.	sad
PHOEBE: Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. Go into the light, Mr. Heckles!	neither
CHANDLER: Ok, Phoebe.	neither
PHOEBE: I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know, there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true.	neither
JOEY: Such as?	neither
PHOEBE: Like crop circles, or the Bermuda triangle, or evolution?	neither
ROSS: Whoa, whoa, whoa. What, you don't, uh, you don't believe in evolution?	neither
PHOEBE: Nah. Not really.	neither
ROSS: You don't believe in evolution?	neither
PHOEBE: I don't know, it's just, you know...monkeys, Darwin, you know, it's a, it's a nice story, I just think it's a little too easy.	neither
ROSS: Too easy? Too...The process of every living thing on this planet evolving over millions of years from single-celled organisms, too easy?	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah, I just don't buy it.	neither
ROSS: Uh, excuse me. Evolution is not for you to buy, Phoebe. Evolution is scientific fact, like, like, like the air we breathe, like gravity.	neither
PHOEBE: Ok, don't get me started on gravity.	neither
ROSS: You uh, you don't believe in gravity?	neither
PHOEBE: Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed. (knock)	neither
CHANDLER: Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed. MR. TREEGER: There she is. And over there, that's the other one. This is Mr. Buddy Boyle, Mr. Heckles' attorney. He'd like to talk to you.	yes
MONICA: What can we do for you? MR. BOYLE: All right, kids. Here's the deal. According to my client's will, he wants to leave all his earthly possessions to &quot;the noisy girls in the apartment above mine&quot;.	0
MONICA: Well, what about his family? MR. BOYLE: He didn't have any.	neither
RACHEL: Ok, so let's talk money. MR. BOYLE: All right, there was none. Let's talk signing. You be noisy girl number one, you be noisy girl number two.	neither
MONICA: I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!	yes
RACHEL: Have you ever seen so much crap?	neither
CHANDLER: Actually, I think this apartment sullies the good name of crap	yes
JOEY: Check this out. Can I have this?	neither
ROSS: How can you not believe in evolution?	neither
PHOEBE: Just don't. Look at this funky shirt!	neither
ROSS: Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.	neither
PHOEBE: Really? You can actually see it?	neither
ROSS: You bet. In the U.S., China, Africa, all over.	neither
PHOEBE: See, I didn't know that.	neither
ROSS: Well, there you go.	neither
PHOEBE: Huh. So now, the real question is, who put those fossils there, and why?	neither
CHANDLER: Hey, look at this. &quot;My Big Book of Grievances.&quot;	neither
JOEY: Hey, there's me! April 17th. Excessive noise. Italian guy comes homes with a date. Hey Chandler, look, you're in here too.	neither
CHANDLER: April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.	yes
RACHEL: Monica, Monica, look at this lamp. Is this tacky or what? We have to have this.	neither
MONICA: Rache, I think we have enough regular lamps.	neither
RACHEL: What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girly clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is very cool.	neither
MONICA: It doesn't go with any of my stuff.	neither
RACHEL: Well, what about my stuff?	neither
MONICA: You don't have any stuff.	neither
RACHEL: You still think of it as your apartment, don't you?	neither
MONICA: No.	neither
RACHEL: Yes you do. You think of it as your apartment, and I'm just somebody who rents a room.	neither
MONICA: Mmmmm.	neither
RACHEL: Ok, while you &quot;mmm&quot; on it for awhile, I'm gonna go find a place for my new lamp.	neither
ROSS: Ok, Pheebs. See how I'm making these little toys move? Opposable thumbs. Without evolution, how do you explain opposable thumbs?	neither
PHOEBE: Maybe the overlords needed them to steer their spacecrafts.	yes
ROSS: Please tell me you're joking.	yes
PHOEBE: Look, can't we just say that you believe in something, and I don't.	neither
ROSS: No, no, Pheebs, we can't, ok, because--	neither
PHOEBE: What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope.	neither
ROSS: Is there blood coming out of my ears?	neither
JOEY: Check it out, check it out. Heckles' high school yearbook.	neither
CHANDLER: Wow, he looks so normal.	yes
PHOEBE: He's even kind of cute.	neither
JOEY: &quot;Heckles, you crack me up in science class. You're the funniest kid in school.	neither
CHANDLER: Funniest? Heckles?	neither
JOEY: That's what it says.	neither
CHANDLER: Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that?	neither
PHOEBE: I'd call that excessive.	neither
CHANDLER: Whoa!	neither
JOEY: What?	neither
CHANDLER: Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool.	neither
JOEY: So, you were both dorks. Big deal.	yes
CHANDLER: I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?	neither
JOEY: Have you been here all night?	neither
CHANDLER: Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.	sad
JOEY: Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.	neither
CHANDLER: Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.	sad
JOEY: All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.	neither
CHANDLER: What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it &quot;supposably&quot;?	sad
JOEY: Chandler, come on, you're gonna find somebody.	neither
CHANDLER: How do you know that? How?	neither
JOEY: I don't know, I'm just tryin' to help you out.	neither
CHANDLER: You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?	neither
JOEY: Well, I don't know. I don't know what we're gonna be doin'. I mean, what if we're at her folks' place?	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah, I understand.	neither
JOEY: You can come over and watch the Super Bowl. Every year, all right?	neither
CHANDLER: You know what? I'm not gonna end up like this. I'll see you man.	neither
JOEY: Supposably. Supposably. Did they go to the zoo? Supposably.	neither
CHANDLER: (on phone) Hi, it's me.	neither
JANICE: Oh, my, god.	neither
PHOEBE: Janice? You called Janice?	neither
CHANDLER: Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend?	neither
ROSS: You remember Janice, right?	neither
CHANDLER: Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.	neither
JANICE: Helloo!!	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, my, god!	neither
JOEY: Geez, look how fat she got.	neither
JANICE: Hey, it's everybody.	neither
CHANDLER: Janice, you're--	neither
JANICE: Yes, I am.	neither
CHANDLER: Is it--?	neither
JANICE: Is it yours? Ha! You wish, Chandler Bing. You are looking at a married lady now.	neither
CHANDLER: Congratulations.	neither
JANICE: Oh, sweetie, I'm sorry.	neither
CHANDLER: You couldn't have told me about this on the phone?	neither
JANICE: And what? Missed the expression on your face? Janice likes to have her fun.	neither
MONICA: Hey, Rache. You know what we haven't played in a while?	neither
RACHEL: What?	neither
MONICA: Hide the Lamp.	neither
RACHEL: Monica, let it go.	neither
MONICA: Did you know I was allergic to shellfish?	neither
RACHEL: Well, then, you'll just have to eat the other lamps.	neither
PHOEBE: Uh-oh. It's Scary Scientist Man.	yes
ROSS: Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.	neither
PHOEBE: Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.	neither
ROSS: It's the only possibility, Phoebe.	neither
PHOEBE: Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this?	neither
ROSS: There might be, a teeny, tiny, possibility.	neither
PHOEBE: I can't believe you caved.	neither
ROSS: What?	neither
PHOEBE: You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?	neither
RACHEL: I am. Let me just get my coat.	neither
MONICA: Ok, all right. It was an accident, I swear, all right. I was putting on my jacket, and the thing, and the lamp, and it broke.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, please, Monica. You've always hated my lamp, and then, all of a sudden, it's just magically broken?	yes
MONICA: Phoebe, tell her!	neither
PHOEBE: Ok, I didn't see it, because I was putting on my jacket, but I uh want to believe you.	neither
RACHEL: Hey Chandler. Monica just broke my seashell lamp.	neither
CHANDLER: Neat. I'm gonna die alone.	yes
RACHEL: Ok, you win.	neither
MONICA: Chandler, you're not gonna die alone.	neither
CHANDLER: Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.	neither
PHOEBE: Uh huh. Why is that?	neither
CHANDLER: If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, y=know. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. &quot;Run away from Crazy Snake Man,&quot; they'll shout!	neither
MONICA: You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.	neither
CHANDLER: Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.	neither
RACHEL: Chandler, you have just described virtually every man that we have ever gone out with.	yes
MONICA: You are not a freak. You're a guy.	yes
RACHEL: She's right. She's right. You are no different than the rest of them.	neither
MONICA: Wait a minute, wait a minute. Yes he is. You are totally different.	neither
CHANDLER: In a bad way?	neither
MONICA: No, honey, in a wonderful way. You know what you want now. Most guys don't even have a clue. You are ready to take risks, you are ready to be vulnerable, and intimate with someone.	yes
RACHEL: Yeah. You're not gonna end up alone.	neither
PHOEBE: Chandler, you called Janice! That's how much you wanted to be with someone!	neither
MONICA: You made it!	neither
PHOEBE: You're there!	neither
RACHEL: You are ready to make a commitment!	neither
CHANDLER: Whoa! Don't know about that.	neither
RACHEL: What you got there? Something else that's not yours that you can break?	yes
MONICA: No. Um, I know you like this, and I want you to have it. I think it'll look good in our apartment.	neither
RACHEL: Thank you.	neither
MONICA: That's fine.	neither
CHANDLER: Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.	neither
JOEY: Hey, uh, you can't recycle yearbooks, can you?	neither
CHANDLER: I'll take that.	neither
JOEY: You want his yearbook?	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.	neither
MONICA: Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but, he was a person. You're all going to hell.	neither
RACHEL: It's really not that big!	neither
CHANDLER: Takin' that with you, huh?	neither
JOEY: Oh, yeah.	neither
ROSS: You comin'?	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.	yes
ALISON: Oh, my major was totally useless. I mean, how often do you look in the classifieds and see &quot;Philosopher wanted&quot;?	neither
CHANDLER: Sure. (My god, that's a big head! It didn't look this big in the office. Maybe it's the lighting. My head must look like a golf ball at work. All right, don't get hung up on it, quick, quick, list five things you like about her: Nice smile, good dresser...Big head, big head, big head!) END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(140,2) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/204towph.htm" rectangle="(71,2) (128, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle="(0,1) (60, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/202brst.htm"	neither
src="file:///C:/Friends Script Index/Contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="Contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="19122" endspan -->	0
The One With Phoebe's Husband Originally written by Alexa Junge Transcribed by Josh Hodge.	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Rachel is on the phone.]	0
RACHEL: Mom, would you relax. That was 10 blocks from here and, the, the woman was walking alone at night, I would never do that. Mom, c'mon, stop worrying. This is a safe street, this is a safe building, there's nothing [a pigeon flies in the window and lands on the table] OH MY GOOOD, oh my God, oh I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go. [hangs up] OK, that's fine, you just read the paper, I'm gonna get a pot, it's not for you. [grabs a pot and lid] OK, that's fine, read the Family Circus, enjoy the gentle comedy. [puts pot over the pigeon] Aaahh, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, aaaaahh. [knock at the door] It's open you guys. [a stranger enters with flowers]	neither
STRANGER: Hi.	neither
RACHEL: Hi, hi can I help you?	neither
STRANGER: Yeah, I'm looking for Phoebe, does she still live here?	neither
RACHEL: Uh, no she doesn't but I can, I can get a message to her.	neither
STRANGER: Great. Uhh, just tell her her husband stopped by. [leaves flowers on bar]	neither
RACHEL: What? [in surprise she forgets she has the pigeon in the pot and lets it get away]	neither
STRANGER: Hey, how, how did you do that? OPENING TITLES	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachels apartment. The whole gang is there.]	0
JOEY: This is unbelievable Phoebs, how can you be married?	neither
PHOEBE: Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.	neither
MONICA: I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.	neither
PHOEBE: I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve.	neither
MONICA: Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?	yes
ROSS: You see, and you thought she'd be judgemental.	neither
PHOEBE: OK, I wasn't in love with him and I was just helping out a friend.	neither
MONICA: Please, when he left town you stayed in your pajamas for a month and I saw you eat a cheeseburger.	yes
ALL: Huuh.	neither
MONICA: Well, didn't you?	neither
PHOEBE: I might have.	neither
MONICA: I can't believe you didn't tell me.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, c'mon, like you tell me everything.	neither
MONICA: What have I not told you?	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, I don't know. Umm, how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with Fun Bobby out on the terrace.	neither
RACHEL: What!	neither
MONICA: Wait a minute, who told you? [turns to Chandler who's looking sheepish] You are dead meat.	neither
CHANDLER: I didn't know it was a big secret.	neither
MONICA: Oh it's not big, not at all, you know, kinda the same lines as, say, oh I don't know, having a third nipple.	neither
PHOEBE: You have a third nipple?	neither
CHANDLER: You bitch.	neither
ROSS: Whip it out, whip it out.	neither
CHANDLER: C'mon, there's nothin' to see, it's just a tiny bump, it's totally useless.	neither
RACHEL: Oh as, as opposed to your other multi-functional nipples?	yes
JOEY: I can't believe you. You told me it was a nubbin.	neither
ROSS: Joey, what did you think a nubbin was?	neither
JOEY: I don't know, you see somethin', you hear a word, I thought that's what it was. Let me see it again.	neither
ALL: Yeah, show it. Show it. The nubbin, the nubbin, the nubbin.	neither
CHANDLER: Joey was in a porno movie.	yes
ALL: Huuh.	neither
CHANDLER: If I'm goin' down, I'm takin' everybody with me.	neither
ROSS: You were in a porno?	neither
JOEY: Ahh, alright, alright, alright, I was young and I just wanted a job, OK. But at the last minute I couldn't go through with it so they let me be the guy who comes in to fix the copier but can't 'cause there's people havin' sex on it.	neither
MONICA: That is wild.	yes
ROSS: [to Chandler] So what's it shaped like?	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah, is there a hair on it?	neither
JOEY: What happens if you flick it?	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Chandler, Ross, and Julie are sitting on the couch.]	0
ROSS: So, uh, does it do anything, you know, special?	neither
CHANDLER: Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia.	yes
JULIE: You know, in some cultures having a third nipple is actually a sign of virility. You get the best huts and women dance naked around you.	neither
CHANDLER: Huh? Are, uh, any of these cultures, per chance, in the tri-state area?	yes
ROSS: You know, you are so amazing, is there anything you, you don't know?	neither
RACHEL: [to Monica at the counter] Ooh, Julie's so smart, Julie's so special.	yes
MONICA: Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.	neither
RACHEL: Ohh, I'm gonna have to get over it. God, see I didn't know that's I had to do, I just have to get over it. [Phoebe enters all dressed up]	yes
ALL: Woah.	neither
JOEY: Foxy lady.	neither
JULIE: Where you goin'?	neither
PHOEBE: Um, I'm gonna go meet Duncan, he's skating tonight at the Garden, he's in the Capades.	neither
JOEY: The Ice Capades?	neither
CHANDLER: No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny.	neither
MONICA: I can't believe you're dressing up for him. I mean, you're just, you're setting yourself up all over again.	neither
PHOEBE: OK, no. For your information I'm going to see him so I can put all those feeling behind me. OK, and the reason I'm dressed like this is because I think it's nice to look nice for your gay husband.	neither
ROSS: [holding cream pitcher] Oh, darnit, we're all out of milk. [holds pitcher in front of Chandler's chest and flips the lid] Hey Chandler, would you fill me up here?	yes
CHANDLER: Oh I see, I see, because of the third nipple thing. Ha ha ha ha. . .	neither
[Scene: Central Perk close to closing. Ross and Julie are still there. Rachel is cleaning tables.]	0
ROSS: OK sweetie, I'll see you later.	neither
JULIE: See you later Rach.	neither
RACHEL: Bye-bye Julie. [Julie leaves] [Rachel is still cleaning, Ross is laying on the couch. Ross kicks Rachel in the butt.]	neither
RACHEL: Hey.	neither
ROSS: Hey. [Ross kicks her again]	neither
RACHEL: Hey, c'mon, cut it out.	neither
ROSS: Hey?	neither
RACHEL: What?	neither
ROSS: Can I ask you somethin'?	neither
RACHEL: Sure.	neither
ROSS: Naa.	neither
RACHEL: What? C'mon, talk to me.	neither
ROSS: OK, what's the longest you've been in the relationship before ha, have, having the sex?	neither
RACHEL: Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?	neither
ROSS: Technically, huh, no.	neither
RACHEL: Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school?	neither
ROSS: No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .	neither
RACHEL: No, no no no, don't need to know the details.	neither
ROSS: It's just, it's, it's me. You, you know I've only been with one woman my whole life and she turned out to be a lesbian. So now I've got myself all psyched out, you know, and it's become, like this, this thing and I. . . Well, you just must think I'm weird.	neither
RACHEL: No, no, no, no I don't think it's weird, I think, I think umm, in fact, in fact you know what I think?	neither
ROSS: What?	neither
RACHEL: I think it's sexy.	neither
ROSS: Sexy?	neither
RACHEL: Let me tell you something. As a woman there is nothing sexier than a man who does not want to have sex.	neither
ROSS: No kidding?	neither
RACHEL: Oh yeah. In fact you know what I'd do?	neither
ROSS: What?	neither
RACHEL: I'd wait.	neither
ROSS: You'd wait?	neither
RACHEL: Yes, absolutely. I would wait and wait. . . then I'd wait some more.	nn
ROSS: Really?	neither
RACHEL: Oh yeah, I don't care how much she tells you she wants it, I don't care if begs, she pleads, she tells you she, she's gonna have sex with, with another man. That just means it's working.	neither
ROSS: Women really want this?	neither
RACHEL: More than jewelry. [Rachel struts off, extremely pleased with herself]	neither
[Scene: Madison Square Garden. Duncan's dressing room.]	0
PHOEBE: Hi.	neither
DUNCAN: Phoebe!	neither
PHOEBE: Ta-da.	neither
DUNCAN: Hey.	neither
PHOEBE: Hi.	neither
DUNCAN: Ahh, look at you, you look great.	neither
PHOEBE: Do I? Thank you, so do you.	neither
DUNCAN: Thanks.	neither
PHOEBE: Sparkly. So, wow, this is pretty wonerful, huh. Mr. major capades guy. I, I remember when you were just, like, King Friday in Mr. Roger's Ice is Nice.	neither
DUNCAN: You always said I'd make it.	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah, well, ya know, I'm kind of spooky that way. Wooo.	neither
DUNCAN: I missed you. [they hug] I'm gonna get changed.	neither
PHOEBE: OK.	neither
DUNCAN: Um, now. Phoebs.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, right, OK. Ole.	neither
DUNCAN: What?	neither
PHOEBE: Um, the matador. [Duncan leaves] Ole, ha ha ha.	neither
[Scene: Ross's apartment. Ross and Julie are setting the table.]	0
ROSS: Julie, can you hold this for a second, thanks. [hands her a bowl and kisses her] [Chandler, Monica, Joey, and Rachel enter. Ross and Julie don't notice.]	neither
CHANDLER: Uh, Julie.	neither
JULIE: Yeah?	neither
CHANDLER: Sorry, you had a paleontologist on your face. But, uh, it's gone now, you're alright.	yes
ROSS: Hi everyone.	neither
ALL: Hi.	neither
ROSS: [pulls Rachel aside] I just, I wanted to thank you for our uh, our little talk before.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, God, no problem. So you're gonna go with the uh, waiting thing?	neither
ROSS: Well, I was going to, but after I talked to you, I talked to Joey.	neither
RACHEL: What did, what did he say?	neither
ROSS: Basically he told me to get over myself and just do it, ya know. So I though about what you said and I though about what he said and, well, his way I get to have sex tonight so. . .	neither
[Scene: Ross's apartment. After dinner. Chandler enters.]	0
CHANDLER: What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie.	neither
ROSS: Pop it in.	neither
JOEY: I'm fine with it, I mean, if you're OK watching a video filled with two nippled people. [Chandler puts the tape in]	yes
RACHEL: Great, people having sex, that's just what I need to see.	yes
ROSS: What's wrong with people having sex?	neither
RACHEL: Well, well um, you know, these movies are offensive and uh, degrading to women and females. And uh, and the lighting's always unflattering. And, Monica help me out here.	neither
MONICA: Hell, I wanna see Joey. [video starts with the cheesy porn disco music]	neither
JULIE: So is there like a story or do they just stard doing it right. . . oh, never mind.	neither
CHANDLER: OK, now wait a minute. That is the craziest typing test I've ever seen.	neither
MONICA: All I say is, she better get the job.	neither
ROSS: Looks to me like he's the one getting the job.	?
JOEY: Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do. . . so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, [Joey from TV] you know that's bad fo r the paper tray.	neither
CHANDLER: Nice work my friend.	neither
JOEY: Thank you. Wait wait wait wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am. . .	neither
[Scene: Madison Square Garden, Duncan's dressing room. Phoebe is fixing her hair and Duncan enters.]	0
PHOEBE: So um, so what's up, you came to see me yesterday.	neither
DUNCAN: Oh, yeah, um, alright, I kinda need a divorce.	neither
PHOEBE: Ohh. . .K. How come?	neither
DUNCAN: Umm, actually, I'm getting married again.	neither
PHOEBE: What?	neither
DUNCAN: Oh God, I don't know how to tell you this. I'm straight.	neither
PHOEBE: Huuh.	neither
DUNCAN: Yeah, I know, I.	neither
PHOEBE: I, I don't, I don't understand, how can you be straight? I mean, you're, you're so smart and funny and you throw such great Academy Award parties.	yes
DUNCAN: I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.	neither
PHOEBE: So how long have you known?	neither
DUNCAN: Well I guess on some level I always knew I was straight. I though I was supposed to be something else, you know, I'm an ice dancer, all my friends are gay, I was just tryin' to fit in.	neither
PHOEBE: And um, and there's actually a, a woman?	neither
DUNCAN: Her name's Debra.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh. Well is she, is she the first that you've been with?	neither
DUNCAN: Well, I've never told you this but, there were one or two times, back in college, when I'd get really drunk, go to a straight bar and wake up with a woman next to me. But I, I, I told myself it was the liquor and e-everyone experiments in college.	neither
PHOEBE: Sure.	neither
DUNCAN: But now I know I don't have a choice about this, I was born this way.	neither
PHOEBE: I, I don't know what to say. I mean, you know, you're married to someone for six years and you think you know him and then one day says, 'Oh, I'm not gay.'	neither
DUNCAN: I'm, I'm still me.	neither
PHOEBE: Why couldn't you have just figured this out six years ago?	neither
[Scene: Ross's apartment. Everyone is sitting around. Monica enters from bathroom.]	0
MONICA: You know, it still smells like monkey in there.	neither
JULIE: That saves us a conversation.	neither
CHANDLER: Well, listen, this has been great but I'm officially wiped.	neither
JOEY: Me too, we should get goin'.	neither
RACHEL: No, no, I mean, no, c'mon you guys, I mean, c'mon look it's only eleven thirty. Let's just talk, we never just hang out and talk anymore.	neither
MONICA: Rachel, that's all we do.	neither
RACHEL: Maybe that's all we do, what about Julie?	neither
JULIE: What about Julie?	neither
RACHEL: Well, you have been in our lives for nearly two months now and we don't really know you. I mean, who is Julie? I mean, what do you like, what don't you like? We wanna hear everything.	neither
JULIE: Well, that could take a while.	neither
RACHEL: So. I mean, who here does not have the time to get to know Julie?	neither
CHANDLER: I got the time to get to know Julie.	neither
JOEY: I got time.	neither
MONICA: Rach, I know her pretty well, can I go? [Rachel gives her a look from hell] That's fine.	neither
RACHEL: OK Julie, so now let's start with your childhood, what was that like?	neither
JULIE: Well, in a nutshell. . .	neither
RACHEL: Nah, uh, uh, uh, uh.	neither
[Scene: Madison Square Garden, Duncan's dressing room. Phoebe is signing the divorce papers.]	0
PHOEBE: So, um, have you told your parents?	neither
DUNCAN: No, but it'll be OK, they're pretty cool, my brother's straight so. . .	neither
PHOEBE: [handing him the papers] Here you go. You know what, I just have one more question, um, if you had figured this out sooner and um, I had been around, do you think that I would have been the one who. . . no, um, I'm sorry, don't tell me, I don't th ink either answer would make me feel better.	neither
DUNCAN: I love you Phoebe. [they hug and kiss]	neither
PHOEBE: So your brother's straigh huh? Seriously.	neither
[Scene: Ross's apartment. Julie is telling her live story.]	0
JULIE: And my second grade teacher was Ms. Thomas, and my first grade teacher was Mrs. Cobb.	neither
RAHCEL: Mrs., Mrs. Gobb?	neither
JULIE: No Cobb, as in cobb salad.	neither
RACHEL: Now, what exactly is in a cobb salad?	neither
CHANDLER: I'm goin' home.	neither
RACHEL: What? [Outside in the hallway, Chandler, Joey, and Monica exit]	neither
JOEY: Boy that Julie's a talker, huh?	neither
ROSS: Goodnight.	neither
RACHEL: So, it's pretty late, you're probably uh, not still planning on. . .	neither
ROSS: Oh, no no, I am.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, well, are hey, are you nervous?	neither
ROSS: Um, no, I uh, I have done it before.	neither
RACHEL: Uh, OK, I mean uh, what, how are you gonna handle it. I mean, are, are ya gonna, are ya gonna talk about it before hand, are you just gonna pounce?	neither
ROSS: I uh, I don't know, I guess I'm just gonna see, see what happens.	neither
RAHCEL: OK, gook luck.	neither
ROSS: Wha, uhh, what?	neither
RACHEL: Nothing, I mean, um, it is your first time with her and, you know if the first time doesn't go well, well then that's, that's pretty darn hard to recover from.	neither
ROSS: OK, now I'm nervous.	neither
RACHEL: Maybe you should put it off.	neither
ROSS: No, no, I don't wanna put it off, I just, God I just, I spent last year being so unbelievably miserable, ya know, and now, now I'm actually happy. You know, I mean, really happy. I just, I just don't wanna, I don't wanna mess it up, ya know.	neither
RACHEL: I know, yeah, sorry.	neither
ROSS: What, it's not your fault.	neither
RACHEL: Maybe it, maybe it doesn't have to be this tough. I mean, maybe you were on the right track with this whole, you know, spontaneous thing. I mean, women really like that.	neither
ROSS: Really?	neither
RACHEL: Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.	neither
ROSS: [being drawn in by her talk] Uh-huh.	neither
RACHEL: And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening.	neither
ROSS: Ohh. . . Thanks Rach, goodnight. [goes back in apartment]	neither
RACHEL: Ohh, God. CLOSING CREDITS	sad
[Scene: The next morning on the street. Ross is dancing along, Singing in the Rain is playing. Two old ladies are sitting on a bench.]	0
ROSS: Good morning. OLD WOMAN: Well, somebody got some last night.	neither
ROSS: Twice. END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (138,3) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/205fsae.htm" rectangle=" (71,3) (129, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,1) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/203towhd.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="Contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="18681" endspan -->	neither
The One With Five Steaks and an Eggplant Originally written by Chris Brown Transcribed by Mindy Mattingly Phillips [mmatting@indiana.edu] Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.	0
[Scene: At Chandler and Joey's. Ross and Chandler are there. Ross is watching wrestling.]	0
ROSS: Man, I sure miss Julie.	neither
CHANDLER: Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there. (phone rings)	neither
ROSS: You ever figure out what that thing's for?	yes
CHANDLER: No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned. (MACHINE--JOEY'S VOICE): Here comes the beep, you know what to do.	neither
JADE: Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was just thinking about us, and how great it was, and, well, I know it's been three years, but, I was kinda hoping we could hook up again. I barely had t he nerve to make this call, so you know what I did?	neither
CHANDLER: What?	neither
JADE: I got a little drunk...and naked.	neither
CHANDLER: Bob here.	neither
CHANDLER: (on phone) What've you been up to?	neither
JADE: Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wondering, those are my legs on the new James Bond poster.	neither
CHANDLER: Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. (to Ross) I love her.	neither
ROSS: I know.	neither
CHANDLER: I'm back.	neither
JADE: So, are we gonna get together or what?	neither
CHANDLER: Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?	neither
JADE: Great, I'll see you then.	neither
CHANDLER: Ok. Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off.	yes
ROSS: Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, &quot;hey, you're not Bob.&quot;	neither
CHANDLER: I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.	yes
ROSS: Oh my god. You are pure evil.	neither
CHANDLER: Ok, pure evil, horny and alone. I've done this. (At Monica and Rachel's)	yes
ROSS: (on phone) Yeah, yeah, everybody's here. Hey, everybody, say hi to Julie in New Mexico.	neither
ALL: Hi, Julie!	neither
RACHEL: (sarcastically) Hi, Julie.	yes
CHANDLER: Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.	neither
PHOEBE: Um, is, is there any chance that you're rounding up? You know, like from, like 20?	yes
CHANDLER: Hey, come on, we got the gift, the concert, and the cake.	neither
JOEY: Do we need a cake?	neither
CHANDLER: Look guys, I know it's a little steep.	neither
RACHEL: Yeah, whoosh!	neither
CHANDLER: But it's Ross.	neither
PHOEBE: It's Ross.	neither
JOEY: All right.	neither
CHANDLER: I'll see you guys later, I gotta go...do a thing.	neither
ROSS: Ok, sweetheart, I'll call you later tonight. Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey, you're not really gonna go through with this, are you?	neither
CHANDLER: You know, I think I might just.	neither
RACHEL: So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?	neither
JOEY: Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dust bunnies.	neither
PHOEBE: Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?	neither
RACHEL: Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?	neither
JOEY: Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying &quot;let's go here, let's go there&quot;. Like we can afford to go here and there.	neither
PHOEBE: Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.	neither
JOEY: For Ross.	neither
RACHEL: For Ross, Ross, Ross.	neither
MONICA: (enters) Oh my god.	neither
RACHEL: Hey.	neither
JOEY: Hi.	neither
RACHEL: What?	neither
MONICA: I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.	neither
JOEY: If it's not you, this is a horrible story.	yes
MONICA: Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.	neither
JOEY: Yeah, someplace nice. (to Phoebe and Rachel) How much do you think I can get for my kidney? (at Central Perk)	yes
ROSS: I'm tellin' you. You can't do this.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.	neither
ROSS: That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.	neither
CHANDLER: We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.	neither
ROSS: Go over there and tell that woman the truth.	neither
CHANDLER: All right.	neither
ROSS: Go.	neither
CHANDLER: Hi.	neither
JADE: Hi.	neither
CHANDLER: Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something.	neither
JADE: Yes?	neither
CHANDLER: Whoever stood you up is a jerk.	yes
JADE: How did you--?	neither
CHANDLER: I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue?	neither
JADE: Thanks.	neither
CHANDLER: No, you keep the pack. I'm all cried out today. (At Somplace Nice)	yes
ROSS: Ok, ok, here is to my sister, the newly-appointed head lunch chef--	neither
MONICA: Who is also in charge of purchasing.	neither
ROSS: Newly appointed head lunch chef who is also in charge of purchasing--	neither
MONICA: Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there.	neither
ROSS: Uh, lunch chef, purchasing, own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister--	neither
MONICA: Oh, wait, and I got a beeper!	neither
JOEY: Cool.	neither
PHOEBE: Let's see!	neither
ROSS: That's fine, I'll just wait!	neither
MONICA: Oh, sorry.	neither
JOEY: Sorry, sorry.	neither
ROSS: Monica! (glasses clinking)	neither
WAITER: Are we ready to order?	neither
RACHEL: Oh, you know what, we haven't even looked yet.	neither
WAITER: Well, when you do, just let me know. I'll be right over there on the edge of my seat.	neither
PHOEBE: Wow, look at these prices.	neither
RACHEL: Yeah, these are pretty ch-ching.	neither
JOEY: What are these, like famous chickens?	neither
CHANDLER: Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. (to Ross) I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade?	neither
ROSS: Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.	neither
ROSS: Hey, tell me again, what do I do when Mr. Roper calls?	?
WAITER: Do I dare ask?	neither
MONICA: Yes, I will start with the carpaccio, and then I'll have the grilled prawns.	neither
ROSS: That sounds great. Same for me.	neither
WAITER: And for the gentleman?	neither
JOEY: Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and stuff, is it cheaper?	neither
WAITER: You'd think, wouldn't you? Miss?	neither
RACHEL: Ok, I will have the uh, (whispers) side salad.	neither
WAITER: (whispers) And what will that be on the side of?	yes
RACHEL: Uh, I don't know. Why don't you put it right here next to my water?	?
WAITER: And for you?	neither
PHOEBE: Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup, and, um, take care.	neither
CHANDLER: I will have the uh, Cajun catfish.	neither
WAITER: Anything else?	neither
CHANDLER: Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?	yes
ROSS: (using calculator) Plus tip, divided by six. Ok, everyone owes 28 bucks.	neither
RACHEL: Um, everyone?	neither
ROSS: Oh, you're right, I'm sorry.	neither
JOEY: Thank you.	neither
ROSS: Monica's big night, she shouldn't pay.	neither
MONICA: Oh, thank you!	neither
ROSS: So five of us is, $33.50 apiece.	neither
PHOEBE: No, huh uh, no way, I'm sorry, not gonna happen.	neither
CHANDLER: Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.	yes
PHOEBE: I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that, that, that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just...	neither
ROSS: Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.	neither
PHOEBE: Not for you.	neither
MONICA: All right, what's goin' on?	neither
RACHEL: Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable.	neither
PHOEBE: Fine. All right, fine.	neither
JOEY: Yeah.	neither
CHANDLER: You can tell us.	neither
ROSS: Hello, it's us, all right? It'll be fine.	neither
JOEY: Ok, um, uh, we three feel like, that uh, sometimes you guys don't get that uh, we don't have as much money as you.	neither
MONICA: Ok.	neither
ROSS: I hear ya.	neither
CHANDLER: We can talk about that.	neither
PHOEBE: Well, then...Let's.	neither
ROSS: I, I just never think of money as an issue.	neither
RACHEL: That's 'cause you have it.	neither
ROSS: That's a good point.	neither
CHANDLER: So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?	neither
JOEY: 'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.	neither
ROSS: Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna be a hoopla?	neither
RACHEL: Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing.	neither
MONICA: If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing, and we'll just do the gift.	neither
ROSS: G-gift? The thing's not the gift?	neither
CHANDLER: No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish.	neither
ROSS: Hootie and the--oh my. I, I can catch them on the radio.	neither
PHOEBE: No, now I feel bad. You wanna go to the concert.	neither
ROSS: No, look, hey, it's my birthday, and the important thing is that we all be together.	neither
MONICA: All of us.	neither
CHANDLER: Together.	neither
ROSS: Not at the concert.	neither
RACHEL: Ok.	neither
JOEY: Yeah.	neither
RACHEL: Thank you.	neither
JOEY: Thanks.	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah.	neither
CHANDLER: So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh? (at Monica and Rachel's)	neither
CHANDLER: Gee, Monica, what's in the bag?	neither
MONICA: I don't know, Chandler. Let's take a look.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, it's like a skit.	neither
MONICA: Why, it's dinner for six. 5 steaks, and an eggplant for Phoebe.	neither
ROSS: Whoo!	happy
PHOEBE: Cool.	happy
MONICA: Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank-you.	neither
ROSS: But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the envelope?	neither
CHANDLER: By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall.	neither
ROSS: Come on.	neither
CHANDLER: Why, it's six tickets to Hootie and the Blowfish! The Blowfish!	happy
MONICA: It's on us, all right, so don't worry. It's our treat.	neither
PHOEBE: So...Thank you.	neither
ROSS: Could you be less enthused?	?
JOEY: Look, it's a nice gesture, it is. But it just feels like--	neither
MONICA: Like?	neither
JOEY: Charity.	neither
MONICA: Charity?	neither
ROSS: We're just tryin' to do a nice thing here.	neither
RACHEL: Ross, you have to understand that your nice thing makes us feel this big.	neither
PHOEBE: Actually, it makes us feel that big.	neither
ROSS: I don't, I don't understand. I mean, you, it's like we can't win with you guys.	neither
CHANDLER: If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.	neither
JOEY: Oh, now you're tellin' us how you feel.	neither
RACHEL: Ok, we never shoulda talked about this.	neither
PHOEBE: I'm just gonna pass on the concert, 'cause I'm just not in a very Hootie place right now.	neither
RACHEL: Me neither.	neither
JOEY: Me too.	neither
MONICA: Guys, we bought the tickets.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, well, then you'll have extra seats, you know, for all your tiaras and stuff.	neither
CHANDLER: Why did you look at me when you said that?	yes
MONICA: Well, I guess now we can't go.	neither
RACHEL: What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together?	neither
MONICA: You know what? You're right.	neither
PHOEBE: Fine.	neither
ROSS: Fine.	neither
JOEY: Fine.	neither
CHANDLER: Fine.	neither
RACHEL: Fine.	neither
MONICA: All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.	neither
ROSS: Chandler!	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah?	neither
ROSS: Geez! Are you ready?	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.	yes
ROSS: Whoa! You had sex today?	neither
CHANDLER: Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming.	neither
ROSS: Wow.	neither
CHANDLER: Now I know it's been awhile, but I took it as a good sign. (phone rings)	neither
ROSS: Still doing the screening thing?	neither
CHANDLER: I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again.	yes
MACHINE: Here comes the beep, you know what to do.	0
JADE: Hey, Bob, it's Jade. Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I was really hurt when you didn't show up the other day, and just so you know, I ended up meeting a guy.	neither
CHANDLER: Bob here.	neither
JADE: Oh, hi.	neither
CHANDLER: So, uh, you met someone, huh?	neither
JADE: Yes, yes, I did. In fact, I had sex with him 2 hours ago.	neither
CHANDLER: So, uh, how was he?	neither
JADE: Eh.	neither
CHANDLER: Eh?	neither
JADE: Oh, Bob, he was nothing compared to you. I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming your name.	neither
CHANDLER: Well, that makes me feel so good.	neither
JADE: It was just so awkward and bumpy.	neither
ROSS: (silently mouthing) Bumpy?	neither
CHANDLER: Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.	neither
JADE: Well there really wasn't much time to get used to it, you know what I mean? (at the concert)	neither
MONICA: You know what? I'm not gonna be able to enjoy this.	neither
ROSS: Yeah, I know, it's my birthday. We all should be here.	neither
CHANDLER: So, let's go.	neither
ROSS: Well maybe, you know, maybe we should stay for one song.	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now.	neither
MONICA: You know, the guys are probably having a great time. (at Monica and Rachel's)	neither
JOEY: Come on you guys, one more time.	neither
PHOEBE: Ok. One.	neither
JOEY: Nooo.	neither
MONICA: That was amazing!	neither
ROSS: Excellent, that was excellent.	neither
CHANDLER: I can't believe the guys missed this.	neither
ROSS: What guys? Oh, yeah.	neither
STEVE: Excuse me, you're Monica Geller aren't you?	neither
MONICA: Do I know you?	neither
STEVE: You used to be my babysitter.	neither
MONICA: Oh my god, little Stevie Fisher? How've you been?	neither
STEVE: Good, good, I'm a lawyer now.	neither
MONICA: You can't be a lawyer. You're eight.	neither
STEVE: Listen, it was nice to see you. I gotta run backstage.	neither
MONICA: Uh, wait, backstage?	neither
STEVE: Oh, yeah, my firm represents the band.	neither
ROSS: Ross.	neither
CHANDLER: Chandler.	neither
STEVE: How are you? Look, you guys wanna meet the group? Come on. So, are you one of the ones who fooled around with my dad? (at Central Perk)	neither
ROSS: Hey, you guys.	neither
RACHEL: Happy birthday.	happy
ROSS: Oh, thank you, thanks. So uh, how was your night last night?	neither
RACHEL: Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours?	neither
MONICA: Yeah, ours pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?	neither
RACHEL: Oh yeah. I used to babysit him. Hey, how's his dad?	neither
MONICA: Uh, good.	neither
ROSS: Uh, aside from that, the whole evening was pretty much a bust.	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah, we really missed you guys.	neither
JOEY: Yeah, look, we were just saying, this whole thing is really stupid.	neither
PHOEBE: We just have to really, really, really, not let stuff like money get--is that a hickey?	neither
MONICA: No, I just, I fell down.	neither
RACHEL: On someone's lips? Where'd you get the hickey?	neither
MONICA: You know, a party, or--	neither
RACHEL: What party?	neither
ROSS: It wasn't so much a party as...a gathering of people, with food, and music, and, and the band.	neither
JOEY: You partied with Hootie and the Blowfish?	neither
CHANDLER: Yes, apparently Stevie and the band are like this.	neither
RACHEL: Who gave you that hickey?	neither
MONICA: That would be the work of a Blowfish.	neither
RACHEL: Oh!	neither
PHOEBE: Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's fingers, and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, &quot;hey, Blowfish, suck on my neck&quot;.	neither
ROSS: Look, don't blame us. You guys coulda been there, you know.	neither
RACHEL: What, as part of your poor friends outreach program? (Monica's pager goes off)	yes
MONICA: It's work.	neither
CHANDLER: I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it.	neither
JOEY: And we don't work hard?	neither
MONICA: (on phone) Yeah, hi, it's Monica. I just got a page.	neither
CHANDLER: I'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more.	neither
JOEY: And you feel like we hold you back.	neither
CHANDLER: Yes.	neither
RACHEL: Oh!	neither
CHANDLER: No.	neither
MONICA: Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh. (Everyone goes over to comfort Monica)	neither
WAITRESS: Here's your check. That'll be $4.12.	neither
JOEY: Let me get that. (to Chandler) You got five bucks?	neither
MACHINE: Here comes the beep, you know what to do.	0
JADE: Hi, it's me. Listen, Bob. I'm probably way out of line here. I mean, It has been 3 years, and you're probably seeing someone else now, but if we could just have one night together, just for old time's sake, one hot, steamy, wild night... (Joey lunges for phone and misses.) END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (140,2) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/206baby.htm" rectangle=" (70,0) (132, 84)  http://www/geocities.com/TelevisionCity/Set/5799/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,2) (59, 80)  http://www/geocities.com/TelevisionCity/Set/5799/season2/204towph.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="Contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="58848" endspan -->	neither
The One With the Baby on the Bus Originally written by Betsy Borns Transcribed by Mindy Mattingly Phillips [mmatting@indiana.edu] Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.	0
[Scene: At Monica and Rachel's.]	0
MONICA: Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. Don't cry. Don't cry. Why is he still crying?	neither
ROSS: Let me hold him for a sec. There. (Ben stops crying) Huh? There we are.	neither
MONICA: Maye it's me.	neither
ROSS: Don't be silly. Ben loves you. He's just being Mr. Crankypants.	neither
CHANDLER: You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody.	neither
ROSS: There we go. All better. (gives Ben back to Monica)	neither
MONICA: There's my little boy. (Ben starts crying again)	neither
CHANDLER: Can I uh see something? (Takes Ben. When he puts him close to Monica, Ben cries. When he moves Ben away, he stops crying.)	neither
JOEY: Cool.	neither
MONICA: He hates me. My nephew hates me.	sad
ROSS: Come on, don't do this.	neither
MONICA: What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?	sad
CHANDLER: Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat. (Chandler has a basketball which he is moving closer to, then away from, Monica)	yes
JOEY: Goo, goo, goo, waaah!	neither
MONICA: That is so funny. Let me see that. (throws the ball out the window)	yes
JOEY: Are you ok, Ross?	neither
ROSS: I don't know. What's in this pie?	neither
MONICA: Uh, I don't know, butter, eggs, flour, lime, kiwi--	neither
ROSS: Kiwi? Kiwi? I thought it was a key lime pie.	neither
MONICA: No I didn't, I said kiwi lime. That's what makes it so special.	neither
ROSS: And that's what's gonna kill me. I'm allergic to kiwi.	neither
MONICA: No you're not. You're, you're allergic to lobster and peanuts and--oh my god.	neither
ROSS: Ugh.	neither
MONICA: Oh my god.	neither
ROSS: Ugh. It's definitely getting worse.	neither
MONICA: Is your tongue swelling up?	neither
ROSS: Either that or my mouth is getting smaller.	neither
MONICA: All right, get your coat, we're going to the hospital.	neither
JOEY: Is he gonna be ok?	neither
MONICA: Yeah, he's just gotta get a shot.	neither
ROSS: You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?	neither
MONICA: Jacket now.	neither
ROSS: What about Ben? We can't bring a baby to a hospital.	neither
CHANDLER: We'll watch him.	neither
ROSS: I don't think tho.	neither
JOEY: What? I have seven Catholic sisters. I've taken care of hundreds of kids. Come on, we wanna do it, don't we?	yes
CHANDLER: I was looking forward to playing basketball, but I guess that's out the window.	yes
ROSS: Ok, well, if you do take him out for his walk, you might wanna bring his hat, and there's extra milk in the fridge, and there's extra diapers in the bag.	neither
JOEY: Hat, milk, got it.	neither
ROSS: ??? (speech garbled) Thro up a thro thro--a thro thro!	neither
JOEY: Consider it done.	neither
CHANDLER: You understood that?	neither
JOEY: Yeah, my uncle Sal has a really big tongue.	neither
CHANDLER: Is he the one with the beautiful wife? (Central Perk)	neither
PHOEBE: Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in the shower.	neither
RACHEL: Ok.	neither
PHOEBE: (singing) I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is soapy, and my hair is wet, and Tegrin spelled backward is Nirget.	neither
TERRY: Uh, Rachel, sweetheart, could I see ya for a minute?	neither
RACHEL: What's up?	neither
TERRY: F.Y.I.. I've decided to pay a professional musician to play in here on Sunday afternoons. Her name is Stephanie... something. She's supposed to be very good.	neither
RACHEL: But what about Phoebe?	neither
TERRY: Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my finger through my eye into my brain and swirl it around.	yes
RACHEL: Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her.	neither
TERRY: Uh--	neither
RACHEL: Oh, no no no no. Oh no no no no. I have to do this to her?	neither
PHOEBE: (singing) Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed. (Chandler and Joey are loaded down with baby stuff, and Ben)	neither
CHANDLER: You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?	neither
JOEY: It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole sensitive thing. Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.	neither
CHANDLER: No, I got him.	neither
JOEY: No, seriously.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, seriously you want him?	neither
CAROLINE: Hello.	neither
BOYS: Hello.	neither
CAROLINE: And who is this little cutie pie?	neither
CHANDLER: Well, don't, don't think me immodest, but, me?	neither
JOEY: You wanna smell him?	neither
CAROLINE: I assume we're talking about the baby now.	yes
JOEY: Oh, yeah. He's got that great baby smell. Get a whiff of his head.	neither
CAROLINE: I think my uterus just skipped a beat.	neither
JOEY: (to Chandler) What'd I tell you? What'd I tell you?	neither
CAROLINE: I think it's great you guys are doing this.	neither
CHANDLER: Well, we are great guys.	neither
CAROLINE: You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to adopt for three years. What agency did you two go through? (Central Perk)	neither
PHOEBE: But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, you can't just erase chalk.	neither
RACHEL: Honey, I'm sorry.	neither
PHOEBE: And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a throne, and a crown, and like a, you know, gold stick with a ball on top.	yes
RACHEL: Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying &quot;Terry's a jerk!&quot; That's where that came from.	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah, ok. You probably did everything you could.	neither
RACHEL: Ok, you know what, lemme, let me just see what else I can do. All right, look, look. Why don't you just let her go on after Stephanie whatever-her-name-is. I mean, you won't even be here. You don't pay her. It's not gonna cost you anything.	neither
TERRY: I, I don't know.	neither
RACHEL: Come on, Terry, I'll even clean the cappuccino machine.	neither
TERRY: You don't clean the cappuccino machine?	neither
RACHEL: Of course I clean it. I mean, I,I will cleeeean it. I mean, I will cleeeean it.	neither
TERRY: Oh, all right, fine, fine, fine.	neither
RACHEL: Done.	neither
PHOEBE: Really?	neither
RACHEL: Yeah. Who's workin' for you babe?	neither
PHOEBE: Oh! Oh my god. This is so exciting. How much am I gonna get?	happy
RACHEL: What?	neither
PHOEBE: Well you said that he's paying the people who are playing.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, no, no no. I meant that he's gonna be paying that other woman beause she's a professional.	neither
PHOEBE: Well, I'm not gonna be the only one who's not getting paid.	neither
RACHEL: Well, but Pheebs.	neither
PHOEBE: No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play. (Out on the sidewalk, singing) When I play, I play for me, I don't need your charity. (Someone puts a coin in her guitar case) Thank you! La la la la la la la....	neither
ROSS: Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.	neither
DOCTOR: Hello, there. I'm Dr. Carlin. I see someone's having an allergic reaction.	neither
MONICA: Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a slight phobia about needles.	neither
ROSS: Did you tell him about my thquirt gun idea?	neither
MONICA: My brother, the PhD would like to know if there's any way to treat this orally.	neither
DOCTOR: No, under these circumstances it has to be an injection, and it has to be now.	neither
ROSS: Tho? (Monica shakes her head.)	neither
ROSS: Ohhh.	neither
MONICA: That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?	neither
ROSS: Ok.	neither
MONICA: Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!	neither
CHANDLER: That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, taxi!	yes
JOEY: Hey, hey, look at that talent.	neither
CHANDLER: (to taxi driver) Just practicing. You're good. Carry on. GIRL 1 ON BUS: Hey, you. He's just adorable.	neither
CHANDLER: Ok, but can you tell him that, because he thinks he's too pink. GIRL 2 ON BUS: So what are you guys out doing today?	neither
JOEY: Oh we're not out. No, no. We're just uh, two heterosexual guys, hanging with the son of our other heterosexual friend, doin' the usual straight guy stuff.	yes
CHANDLER: You done?	yes
JOEY: Yeah. GIRL 1: Oh, there's our stop.	neither
JOEY: Get outta here. This is our stop too. GIRL 2: You guys live around here too?	neither
JOEY: Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. We live in the building by the uh sidewalk.	neither
CHANDLER: You know it?	neither
JOEY: Hey, look, since we're neighbors and all, what do you say we uh, get together for a drink? GIRL 1: So uh, you wanna go to Marquel's?	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, sure, they love us over there. GIRL 2: Where's your baby? CHANDLER AND JOEY: (running after bus) Ben! Ben! Ben!	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, that's good. Maybe he'll hear you and pull the cord.	yes
BOTH: Stop the bus! Wait! Wait! Wait!	neither
MONICA: Are you sure he didn't break it because it really hurts.	neither
DOCTOR: No, it's just a good bone bruise. And, right here is the puncture wound from your ring.	neither
ROSS: Oh, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Sorry! Hey! Hey! I got my s's back! Which we can celebrate later. Celebrate.	neither
PHOEBE: (singing) ... with the double double double-jointed boy. Hey. So um, are you the professional guitar player?	neither
STEPHANIE: Yeah. I'm Stephanie.	neither
PHOEBE: Right. My name was on there, but now it just says &quot;carrot cake&quot;. So, um, so um, how many chords do you know?	neither
STEPHANIE: All of them.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh yeah, so you know D?	neither
STEPHANIE: Yeah.	neither
PHOEBE: Ok, do you know A minor?	neither
STEPHANIE: Yeah.	neither
PHOEBE: Ok, do you know how to go from D to A minor?	neither
STEPHANIE: Yeah.	neither
PHOEBE: Ok. Um, so does your guitar have a strap?	neither
STEPHANIE: No.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh. Mine does. (singing) Stephanie knows all the chords. (makes a face)	neither
CHANDLER: (on pay phone) Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.	neither
JOEY: Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits onto a stroller. Oh, and there was a baby in it. He wants to talk to you again.	yes
RACHEL: Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice warm Central Perk welcome to--	neither
PHOEBE: (singing angrily) Terry's a jerk, and he won't let me work, and I hate Central Perk!	neither
RACHEL: Uh, to Stephanie Schiffer.	neither
STEPHANIE: Thank you. I'd like to start with a song that I wrote for the first man I ever loved. (singing) Zachary.	neither
PHOEBE: (singing/screaming) You're all invited to bite me! CHANDLER AND JOEY: Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here? TRANSIT AUTHORITY GUY: He's here. (Chandler and Joey hug each other in relief) I'm assuming one of you is the father.	neither
CHANDLER: That's me.	neither
JOEY: I'm him.	neither
CHANDLER: Actually, uh, we're both the father. (Puts his arm around Joey) BOTH (but to different babies): Oh, Ben! Hey, buddy!	neither
CHANDLER: Please tell me you know which one is our baby.	neither
JOEY: Well, well that one has ducks on his t-shirt, and this one has clowns. And Ben was definitely wearing ducks.	neither
CHANDLER: Ok.	neither
JOEY: Or clowns. Oh, oh wait. That one's definitely Ben. Remember, he had that cute little mole by his mouth.	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah?	neither
JOEY: Yeah.	neither
CHANDLER: Hey, Ben, remember us? Ok, the mole came off.	neither
JOEY: Ahh!	neither
CHANDLER: What're we gonna do? What're we gonna do?	neither
JOEY: Uh, uh, we'll flip for it. Ducks or clowns.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, we're gonna flip for the baby?	neither
JOEY: You got a better idea?	neither
CHANDLER: All right, call it in the air.	neither
JOEY: Heads.	neither
CHANDLER: Heads it is.	neither
JOEY: Yes! Whew!	neither
CHANDLER: We have to assign heads to something.	yes
JOEY: Right. Ok, ok, uh, ducks is heads, because ducks have heads.	neither
CHANDLER: What kind of scary-ass clowns came to your birthday? (on the sidewalk outside Central Perk)	yes
RACHEL: Hey.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, hi.	neither
RACHEL: Here. I thought you might be cold.	neither
PHOEBE: Thank you.	neither
RACHEL: Whoa, look at you, you did pretty well.	neither
PHOEBE: Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.	neither
RACHEL: Do you?	neither
PHOEBE: No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang &quot;Su-Su-Suicide&quot;, I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, &quot;Smelly Cat&quot;, I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.	neither
RACHEL: Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh!	neither
PHOEBE: It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money.	neither
RACHEL: Well, people missed you in there. And in fact, there was actually a request for &quot;Smelly Cat&quot;.	neither
PHOEBE: Really? From who?	neither
RACHEL: Well, from me. And I know it's not your big money song, but it's my favorite.	neither
KID: Hi. Uh, did I accidentally drop a condom in your case? It's kind of an emergency.	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah. Here you go.	neither
KID: Thanks a lot. Hey Christine, I got it! (chez Monica and Rachel)	neither
ROSS: I just wanna thank you for being there for me today. And I'm sorry I,I almost broke your hand.	neither
MONICA: That's ok. I'm sorry I poisoned you.	neither
ROSS: Yeah. Hey, remember the time I jammed that pencil into your hand?	neither
MONICA: Remember it? What do you think this is, a freckle?	neither
ROSS: Oh.	neither
MONICA: Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's pumpkin?	neither
ROSS: Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your head on the curb?	neither
MONICA: No. But I remember people telling me about it.	neither
ROSS: I hope Ben has a little sister.	neither
MONICA: Yeah. I hope she can kick his ass.	neither
ROSS: I'm gonna get a new band-aid. Hey, how 'bout the time I cut the legs off your Malibu Ken?	neither
MONICA: That was you?	neither
ROSS: They, uh, were infected. He wouldn't have made it.	neither
MONICA: Aw, my little nephew. Come here, little one. There's my little baby Ben. Hey, my little boy. Hey, he's not crying.	neither
CHANDLER: (looking fearfully at Joey) Hey, he's not crying. (Ben starts crying)	neither
JOEY: Yes! There's still pie.	neither
ROSS: I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your diaper? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?	neither
JOEY: Oh, yeah, he rode the bus today.	neither
ROSS: Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his butt?	neither
CHANDLER: You, you are gonna love this.	neither
ROSS: Will you hold Ben for a sec? Come here. Come here.	neither
CHANDLER: Stay back, I've got kiwi. Run, Joey, Run!	neither
STEPHANIE: (singing) Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you?	neither
PHOEBE: No, no, no. I'm sorry. It's &quot;smelly cat, smel-ly cat&quot;.	neither
STEPHANIE: Smelly cat, smel-ly cat...	neither
PHOEBE: Better. Yeah.	neither
STEPHANIE: Yeah?	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah, much better. And you know what, don't feel bad, because it's a hard song.	neither
STEPHANIE: Yeah.	neither
PHOEBE: You wanna try it again?	neither
STEPHANIE: Yeah. From the top?	neither
PHOEBE: Ok, there is no top. That's the beauty of Smelly Cat. Um, why don't you just follow me?	neither
STEPHANIE: Ok.	neither
PHOEBE: Mmmm hmmm.	neither
TOGETHER: Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, it's not your fault.	neither
PHOEBE: That's too much. Sorry. END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (139,3) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/207rofo.htm" rectangle=" (71,2) (130, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (1,3) (56, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/205fsae.htm" src="thecfsi.com/contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="20769" endspan -->	neither
The One Where Ross Finds Out Originally written by Michael Borkow Transcribed by Josh Hodge Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Everyone is sitting at the couches, Chandler enters.]	0
CHAN: OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?	neither
RACH: So, how was the party?	neither
CHAN: Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive?	neither
PHOE: No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every time I put on a little weight, I start questioning everyting.	neither
CHAN: Woah, woah, I've put on a little weight?	neither
PHOE: No, not wieght... y'know, more like insulation.	neither
MNCA: Chandler, I'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can remake you.	neither
CHAN: Oh, you know, I would, but that might get in the way of my lying around time.	neither
MNCA: Please.	neither
ALL: C'mon. Let her. Yeah.	neither
CHAN: Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.	neither
PHOE: Your boobs are fine. Look, I never should have said anything. Come here. Come here. [hugs Chandler but holds her hands apart behind his back] Oh, can't make.... hands... meet.... OPENING TITLES	neither
[Scene: Hallway between the apartments. Chandler comes out wearing spandex, jogging in place. Monica is there.]	0
CHAN: OK, let's do it. [Monica looks at him funny] What?	neither
MNCA: Nothing, just never seen you in little stretchy pants before.	neither
CHAN: And we're changing. [jogs back in his apartment] [Cut to the city street. Monica and Chandler are jogging. Chandler is lagging behind so he hops in a cab and takes off, leaving Monica behind]	neither
[Scene: Back in Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is doing situps.]	0
MNCA: C'mon give me five more. Five more.	neither
CHAN: [weakly] No.	neither
MNCA: Five more and I'll flash you.	neither
CHAN: One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them.	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Chandler and Joey are sitting on the couch. Rachel is working.]	0
CHAN: [slowly lifts coffee cup to his mouth] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [slowly sets the cup back down] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [Joey intercepts the cup and puts it down for him]. She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore. [Phoebe enters.]	neither
RACH: Hey Phoebs, how'd it go with Scott last night?	neither
PHOE: Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.	neither
JOEY: The guy still won't put out, huh?	neither
PHOE: Nope. Zilch, nothin', uh-uh.	neither
ALL: Sorry Phoebs.	neither
PHOE: Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?	neither
JOEY: Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.	neither
PHOE: No, whad'ya mean? He's not British.	yes
JOEY: Maybe he's. . . gay.	neither
PHOE: Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close, and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like... definitely felt something.	neither
RACH: Yeah, but how much can you tell from a look?	neither
PHOE: No, I felt it on my hip. You could tell. [Monica enters.]	neither
MNCA: [to Chandler] Yo, Bing. Racquetball in 15 minutes.	neither
CHAN: Joey, be a pal. Lift up my hand and smack her with it.	yes
PHOE: [seeing Ross kissing Julie outside the window] Ooh, oh, Rachel, don't look.	neither
RACH: What? [looks, feigns indifference] C'mon you guys, I don't care, I have a date tonight.	neither
JOEY: Woah, woah, woah, you have a date?	neither
RACH: Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.	neither
JOEY: But uh, uh, what about uh, Ross and uh. . .?	neither
RACH: Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.	neither
CHAN: So you really OK about all this?	neither
RACH: Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all I care, he can throw her through the damn thing. [Ross and Julie enter.]	neither
ROSS: Hi guys.	neither
ALL: Hey.	neither
ROSS: Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat toy, OK?	neither
MNCA: Only if you say his full name.	neither
ROSS: [reluctantly] Can I come over tomorrow and pick up Fluffy Meowington's cat toy.	neither
MNCA: Alright.	neither
JOEY: [to Ross] You're getting a cat?	neither
ROSS: Uh, actually, we're getting a cat.	neither
RACH: Together?	neither
ROSS: Uh huh.	neither
RACH: Both of you?	neither
ROSS: Yep.	neither
RACH: Together.	neither
JULIE: Yeah, we figure it'll live with Ross half the time, and with me half the time.	neither
RACH: Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.	yes
ROSS: Hopefully.	neither
RACH: Well. [looks at watch] Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. [she leaves carrying her tray then comes back in] OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.	neither
[Scene: A nice restraunt. Rachel is on her date with Michael (MICH).]	0
MICH: I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I seem a little nervous, I am.	neither
RACH: [distracted] How long do cats live?	neither
MICH: [confused] I'm sorry?	neither
RACH: Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't... y'know, throw 'em under a bus or something?	neither
MICH: Um, maybe 15, 16 years.	neither
RACH: That's just great. [she picks up her champagne and starts drinking]	yes
MICH: Um, cheers.	neither
RACH: Oh, right, clink. [downs her glass]	neither
MICH: Monica told you I was cuter that this, didn't she?	neither
RACH: Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend.	neither
MICH: Oh, that does sound. . .Ahh.	neither
RACH: I mean he just started going out with her.	neither
MICH: Is this guy, uhh, an old boyfriend?	neither
RACH: Ah, hah-hah-hah-ho, yeah, he wishes. Oh, I'm sorry, look at me. OK, Michael, let's talk about you.	neither
MICH: Alright.	neither
RACH: OK, OK. So, you ever get a pet with a girlfriend?	yes
[Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Joey are sitting on the couch.]	0
PHOE: So, I figured it out.	neither
JOEY: What?	neither
PHOE: Why Scott doesn't want to sleep with me. It's 'cause I'm not sexy enough.	neither
JOEY: Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, &quot;Excellent butt, great rack.&quot;	neither
PHOE: Really? That's so sweet. I mean, I'm officially offended but, sweet.	neither
JOEY: Phoebs look, if you want to know what the deal is, you're just gonna have to ask him.	neither
PHOE: You're right, you're right. Ah, you are so yumm. [they hug] [Outside the window, Monica and Chandler jog up. Monica playfully pushes him. They start puching and slapping harder and harder until Monica pushes him down. Chandler stands up, with a serious expression, and chases her away.]	0
[Scene: Back in the restraunt. Rachel pours the last of the champange bottle in her glass.]	0
RACH: [obviously drunk] I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'know, one of those fruitflies, those things that live for like a day or something? [belligerently] What're they called, what're they called, what're they called?	neither
MICH: Fruitflies?	neither
RACH: Yes! Thank you. [The waiter comes to the table.]	neither
WAITER: So, would you like any dessert?	neither
MICH: No! No dessert, just a check, please.	neither
RACH: Oh, you're not having fun, are you?	neither
MICH: No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.	yes
RACH: Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?	neither
MICH: Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.	neither
RACH: Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?	neither
MICH: Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can finally say to him, &quot;I'm over you.&quot;	neither
RACH: Closure, that's what it is. Closure. [she looks around the restaurant, spotting a guy with a cellular phone] Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, hel. . . woo [she almost falls out of her chair]	neither
GUY: Hang on.	neither
RACH: Hello, excuse me.	neither
GUY: What.	neither
RACH: Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.	neither
GUY: I'm talkin'!	neither
RACH: I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. [man is still reluctant] OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.	neither
GUY: Alright, fine. [on the phone] I'll call you back. [hands the phone to her]	neither
RACH: Thank you. OK. [dials] [to Michael] Machine. Just waiting for the beep.	neither
MICH: Good.	neither
RACHEL: [on phone] Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure. [hangs up and tosses phone in the ice bucket] COMMERCIAL BREAK	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is answering the door in his robe.]	0
CHAN: No, no, no, no, no, no [opens door to Monica] No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday.	neither
MNCA: Why not?	0
CHAN: Because it's Sunday. It's God's day.	neither
MNCA: OK, if you say stop, then we stop.	neither
CHAN: OK, stop.	neither
MNCA: No, c'mon, we can't stop, c'mon, we've got three more pounds to go. I am the energy train and you are on board. Woo-woo, woo-woo, woo-woo [Chandler walks out of the apartment, leaving Monica] Woo.	neither
[Scene: Rachel and Monica's apartment. Rachel is taking asprin. Ross enters.]	0
ROSS: Hey Rach.	neither
RACH: Ahhhh.	neither
ROSS: Oh. And how was the date?	neither
RACH: Umm, I think there was a restaurant... I know there was wine. . . [Rachel looks at Ross as though she remembers something, but can't place what it is.]	yes
ROSS: Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?	neither
RACH: I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.	neither
ROSS: OK. Oh, oh, oh. [runs over and picks up the cat toy]	neither
RACH: Did we speak on the phone last night? Did you call me?	neither
ROSS: No, I stayed at Julie's last night.	neither
RACH: Huh.	neither
ROSS: Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?	neither
RACH: Oh yeah, go ahead. [Rachel walks in her room. Ross picks up the phone and dials his machine to check his messages.]	neither
ROSS: Rach, I got a message from you. [pauses] Who's Michael? [Rachel comes out of her room, suddenly she remembers leaving the message.]	neither
RACH: Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . . [jumps the couch and lands on Ross's back, finally getting the phone from him. Ross has a confused expression on his face.]	neither
ROSS: You're over me?	neither
RACH: Ohhhhhhhh God. [climbs off his back]	neither
ROSS: Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?	neither
RACH: Ohh, ohh.	neither
ROSS: When, when were you... under me? Rach. Rachel do you, I mean, were you, uh. . . What?	neither
RACH: Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.	neither
ROSS: You've had feelings for me?	neither
RACH: Yeah, what, so? You had feelings for me first.	neither
ROSS: Woah. Huh. You know about my, I mean, you know I had... you know?	neither
RACH: Chandler told me.	neither
ROSS: Chandler. When did he... when did he... when did he?	neither
RACH: When you were in China.	neither
ROSS: China.	neither
RACH: Meeting Julie.	neither
ROSS: Julie. Julie. That. Oh God. Julie, right. OK, I need to lie down. No, ya know, I'm gonna stand. I'm gonna stand, I'm gonna walk, I'm walkin' and I am standing. OK so you uh, and now wha... and now, now, now you're over me?	neither
RACH: Are you over me? [A moment of silence.]	neither
ROSS: [doorbell buzzes] That's, that's Julie. Ju... Julie, Julie. [talks on intercom] Hi Julie.	neither
JULIE: [over intercom] Hi honey, I've got a cab waiting.	neither
ROSS: [perky] I'll be right down.	neither
RACH: Wait, so, you're going?	neither
ROSS: Well, OK, I uh, I have to. I can't deal with this right now. I mean, I've uh, y'know, I've got a cab, I've got a girlfriend, I'm... I'm gonna go get a cat.	neither
RACH: OK, OK.	neither
ROSS: Cat. [leaves]	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Joey is watching a rabbi play an electric guitar on TV. Phoebe enters.]	0
PHOE: Hey Joey.	neither
JOEY: Hey Phoebs.	neither
PHOE: How come you're watching a rabbi play electric guitar?	neither
JOEY: I can't find the remote. [Phoebe turns off the TV] Thank you.	neither
PHOE: So, Scott asked me to come over for lunch today and I did.	neither
JOEY: And?	neither
PHOE: And we did.	neither
JOEY: All right Phoebs, way to go.	neither
PHOE: Yay me.	neither
JOEY: So, so how did it happen?	neither
PHOE: Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on.	neither
JOEY: And what did he say?	neither
PHOE: He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.	neither
JOEY: Wow.	neither
PHOE: Yeah, so I said, &quot;OK, relax please,&quot; y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I convinced him.	neither
JOEY: Let me get this straight. He got you to beg to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to call you again, and he got you thinking this was a great idea.	neither
PHOE: Um-hum.	neither
JOEY: This man is my God.	yes
[Scene: Central Perk. Rachel is closing up and Ross comes in. Get your Kleenex.]	0
RACH: Hi.	neither
ROSS: I didn't get a cat.	neither
RACH: Oh, that's um, interesting.	neither
ROSS: No, no it's not interesting. OK, it's very, very not interesting. In fact it's actually 100 percent completely opposite of interesting.	neither
RACH: Alright, I got it Ross.	neither
ROSS: You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.	neither
RACH: [hurt] What?	neither
ROSS: I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.	neither
RACH: Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?	neither
ROSS: Then you should have said something before I met her.	neither
RACH: I didn't know then. And how come you never said anything to me.	neither
ROSS: There was never a good time.	neither
RACH: Right, you, you only had a year. We only hung out every night.	yes
ROSS: Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.	neither
RACH: Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?	neither
ROSS: The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.	neither
RACH: Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?	neither
ROSS: Hey, I've been doin' it since the ninth grade, I've gotten pretty damn good at it.	neither
RACH: Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.	neither
ROSS: Fine.	neither
RACH: 'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.	neither
ROSS: Good.	neither
RACH: Good. [Ross leaves] [Rachel gets up and opens the door, yelling after him.]	neither
RACH: And ya know what, now I've got closure. [Rachel slams the door and locks it. She sits down, visibly upset. She puts her head in her hands and begins to cry. Ross comes back and is standing outside the window. When Rachel regroups and gets back up to finish closing, she sees him. She smiles. She goes to open the door and can't get the lock undone.]	neither
ROSS: Try the bottom one. [She opens the door and they kiss.]	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler answers the door to find Monica.] CLOSING CREDITS	0
CHAN: Monica, it's 6:30 in the morning. We're not working out, it's over.	neither
MNCA: No way, with one pound to go, c'mon. We're workin', we're movin', we're in the zone we're groovin'.	neither
CHAN: OK, I don't, I don't mind the last pound. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't make me do anything that I'll regret.	neither
MNCA: Ooh, what'cha gonna do, fat boy, huh? What?	neither
CHAN: Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have.	neither
MNCA: Well, thanks.	neither
CHAN: I mean, especially considering how tough it's been for you to find work.	yes
MNCA: Well, you know.	neither
CHAN: You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed.	yes
MNCA: [sad] Uh-huh.	neither
CHAN: And it's not as if you have a boyfriend's shoulder to cry on.	yes
MNCA: Well no, but um.	neither
CHAN: I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have difficulty just getting out of bed at all.	yes
MNCA: Y'know, I try to stay positive. . .	neither
CHAN: So, you feel like goin' for a run?	neither
MNCA: Alright.	neither
CHAN: Because, you know, you don't have to. If you want, you could just take a nap right here.	neither
MNCA: OK. Just for a little while.	neither
CHAN: OK. [Puts an afghan over her and dances into his room] END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (138,2) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/208list.htm" rectangle=" (69,2) (131, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (1,2) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/206baby.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="5504" endspan -->	neither
The One With the List Originally written by Marta Kauffman and David Crane Trascribed by Mindy Mattingly Phillips [mmatting@indiana.edu] Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Phoebe, Monica, and Rachel are there, discussing the night before.]	0
RACH: Ross kissed me.	neither
MNCA: Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!	neither
RACH: It was unbelievable!	happy
MNCA: Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!	happy
PHOE: Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and unplug the phone. Rachel, does this end well or do we need to get tissues?	neither
RACH: Oh, it ended very well.	happy
PHOE: Oh.	happy
MNCA: [getting the wine] Do not start without me. Do not start without me.	neither
PHOE: Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a &quot;I gotta have you now&quot; kind of thing?	neither
RACH: Well, at first it was really intense, you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort of sunk into it.	neither
PHOE: Ok, so, ok, was he holding you? Or was his hand like on your back?	neither
RACH: No, actually first they started on my waist. And then, they slid up, and then, they were in my hair.	neither
PHOE/MNCA: Ohhhh.	neither
[Scene: Ross' apartment. Ross, Chandler, and Joey are there eating pizza.]	0
ROSS: And, uh, and then I kissed her.	neither
JOEY: Tongue?	neither
ROSS: Yeah.	neither
JOEY: Cool. Opening Credits	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Joey, Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler are there; Chandler is showing everyone his new computer.]	0
CHAN: All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.	neither
PHOE: Wow. What are you gonna use it for?	neither
CHAN: [doggedly] Games and stuff.	neither
MNCA: [reading the paper] There are no jobs. There are no jobs for me.	neither
JOEY: [reading over her shoulder] Wait, here's one. Uh, would you be willing to cook naked?	neither
MNCA: There's an ad for a naked chef?	neither
JOEY: No, but if you're willing to cook naked, then you might be willing to dance naked. And then... [rubs his fingers together] [Ross enters, distraught.]	neither
ROSS: Hi.	neither
PHOE: Hey, oh, so, um...how'd you make out last night?	neither
ROSS: That, that is funny. That is painfully funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just painful	neither
MNCA: Wait a minute. I thought last night was great.	neither
ROSS: Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?	neither
JOEY: You got all that from saline solution?	yes
MNCA: We are talking about Rachel here. You and Rachel.	neither
ROSS: Believe me, I've been dreaming about me and Rachel for ten years now. But now, I'm with Julie, so it's like me and Julie, me and Rachel, me and Julie, me and... [Rachel enters, carrying a tray]... Rachel. Rachel, Rachel.	neither
RACH: [to Ross] Hey, you.	neither
ROSS: How are you?	neither
RACH: Good. How are you?	neither
ROSS: Good. [Julie enters.]	neither
JULIE: Hi, honey.	neither
ROSS: Hi, Julie. [nervous] Hi, Julie. Julie, um, how are you?	neither
JULIE: Good.	neither
ROSS: [uncomfortable] Good, so everybody's here. Everybody's good. So, were you gonna play something, Phoebe?	neither
PHOE: Oh, well, actually.	neither
ROSS: [impatient] Play it.	neither
PHOE: Ok, all right.	neither
JOEY: Hey, Julie, I didn't know you wore lenses.	neither
JULIE: What?	neither
ROSS: [to Joey] Ssshh.	neither
PHOE: Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, &quot;Two of Them Kissed Last Night&quot;. [Ross and Rachel look at each other and then at Phoebe, realizing the song is about their situation.]	neither
PHOE: [singing] There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide!	neither
[Scene: Mr. Ratstatter's (RTST) office. Monica is there about a job.]	0
RTST: This is a nice resume. Nice, nice, nice. Muy impressivo.	neither
MNCA: So, Mr. Rastatter, what exactly does this job entail? The ad wasn't too clear.	neither
RTST: Mockolate.	neither
MNCA: I'm sorry?	neither
RTST: Mockolate. It's a completely synthetic chocolate substitute.	neither
MNCA: Ohh. [He pulls out a piece of Mockolate.]	neither
RTST: Go ahead. Try a piece. Yeah, we think that Mockolate is even better than chocolate.	neither
MNCA: All right. Mmm-mmm. [She tastes it, and obviously hates it.]	neither
RTST: Yeah?	neither
MNCA: [disgusted, trying not to show it] I love how it crumbles. Now see, your chocolate doesn't do that.	neither
RTST: No, ma'am. Well, anyhoo, we should be getting our F.D.A. approval any day now, hopefully, in time for Thanksgiving. See, the way we look at it, chocolate already dominates most of your major food-preparation holidays: Easter, Christmas, what have you.	0
MNCA: [still chewing] Mmm-mmm.	0
RTST: But, we're thinking, given the right marketing, we can make Thanksgiving the Mockolate holiday.	0
MNCA: Wow.	0
RTST: Aren't you going to swallow that?	0
MNCA: Just waiting for it to stop bubbling.	0
RTST: Yeah, isn't that great?	0
MNCA: [with false enthusiasm] Mmm.	0
RTST: Well, anyhoo, um, we are looking for a couple of chefs who can create some Thanksgiving-themed recipes. You think you might be interested?	0
MNCA: Abso...[swallows hard]...lutely. See, I love creating new recipes. I love Thanksgiving. And, well, now, I love Mockolate.	0
RTST: Really?	0
MNCA: Especially the after taste, you know, I'll tell ya, that'll last ya till Christmas.	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Phoebe are there. Monica is suggesting Mockolate recipes to Phoebe.]	0
MNCA: How about Mockolate mousse?	0
PHOE: It's not, it's not very Thanksgiving-y.	0
MNCA: Ok, how about pilgrim Mockolate mousse?	0
PHOE: What makes it pilgrim?	0
MNCA: We'll put buckles on it. [Rachel enters.]	0
RACH: Hey.	0
PHOE: Hey.	0
MNCA: Hey.	0
RACH: Did uh, Ross call?	0
MNCA: No, I'm sorry.	0
RACH: Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going to be all, &quot;Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna to get married, have a lot of kids and dig up stuff together.&quot;	yes
PHOE: No offense, but that sounds nothing like her.	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Ross is up in arms about the Rachel/Julie situation.]	0
ROSS: I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.	neither
CHAN: Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.	yes
JOEY: Hey, here's a thought, Ross. [reaches for the computer]	neither
CHAN: Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer.	neither
JOEY: Ross, listen. I got two words for you. Threesome. [Ross gives him an insulted look.]	neither
CHAN: Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column.	neither
ROSS: Can't we just use a pen?	neither
CHAN: No, Amish boy.	neither
JOEY: Ok, let's start with the cons, 'cause they're more fun. All right, Rachel first.	neither
ROSS: I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.	neither
JOEY: You could say that.	yes
ROSS: And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.	neither
CHAN: Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?	neither
ROSS: I don't know.	neither
JOEY: Oh, her ankles are a little chubby.	neither
CHAN: Ok, let's do Julie. What's wrong with her?	neither
ROSS: [long pause] She's not Rachel.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica has made food for Phoebe and Rachel to taste.]	0
MNCA: Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and these are mockolate chip cookies. Just like the Indians served. [Rachel takes a bite.]	neither
RACH: Oh my god.	neither
MNCA: Oh my god good?	neither
RACH: Oh my god, I can't believe you let me put this in my mouth. [Rachel runs to the sink to spit it out.]	neither
PHOE: Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what evil must taste like!	yes
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is on the phone with a computer hotline.]	0
CHAN: I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek? [Ross enters with a melancholy look.]	neither
JOEY: [to Ross] Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?	neither
ROSS: Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thing.	sad
CHAN: [in phone] So, Spock actually hugs his father? [Rachel enters.]	neither
RACH: Hey, do you guys have...[sees Ross, pauses]...hi.	neither
ROSS: Hi.	neither
RACH: [sees his coat on] Where you goin'?	neither
ROSS: I uh, I just got back from uh, from Julie's.	neither
RACH: [dejected] Oh.	neither
ROSS: No, no, uh, it's not what you think. It's um the other thing.	neither
RACH: Well, what's the other thing, what do I think? [Joey is looking at Rachel, smiling, and gesturing his head towards Ross.]	neither
ROSS: Well, uh.	neither
JOEY: He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.	neither
RACH: Really?	neither
ROSS: Really. It's always been you, Rach. [Ross and Rachel hug.]	neither
RACH: Oh, god.	neither
JOEY/CHAN: Ohhh.	neither
RACH: Oh, oh, this is good, this is really good.	happy
ROSS: I know, I know, it's, it's almost...[turns around, sees Chandler and Joey] What do you say we go take a walk, just us, not them?	neither
RACH: Let me get my coat.	neither
ROSS: Ok. No, hey, whoa, whoa, I'll get your coat. [Ross leaves.]	neither
RACH: Ok, he's goin' to get my coat. He's goin' to get my coat. Oh my god, you guys. I can't believe this. This is unbelievable. [notices Chandler's computer screen] What's that?	happy
CHAN: [nervous] What? Nothing. [Chandler closes up the laptop computer screen.]	neither
RACH: What's that? What? I saw my name. What is it?	neither
CHAN: No, no, see? See? [the printer starts to run] Hey, it's printing. [to Joey, rattled] Hey, it's printing! [Chandler rips off the sheet of paper from the printer.]	neither
RACH: Well what is it? Let me see. [Ross walks back in, Rachel's coat in hand.]	neither
ROSS: Hey, someone order a coat?	neither
RACH: Ross, Chandler wrote something about me on his computer and he won't let me see.	neither
ROSS: He won't? [remembers what it is] He won't! Because, isn't that, isn't that the, the short story you were writing?	neither
CHAN: Yes, yes it is, short story, that I was writing.	neither
RACH: And I'm in it? Then let me read it. CHAN, JOEY, ROSS: No!	neither
RACH: Come on.	neither
JOEY: Hey, uh, why don't you read it to her? [Ross and Chandler stare angrily at Joey, who thinks he has come up with a good idea.]	neither
CHAN: [through gritted teeth] Alright. [clears his throat] &quot;It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end.&quot;	neither
ROSS: That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.	neither
RACH: All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.	neither
ROSS: No, you don't.	neither
RACH: All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do not need to see it. [Rachel grabs the paper and runs across the room, reading it to herself.]	neither
RACH: What is this? Ross, what is this?	neither
CHAN: Good luck. [Chandler and Joey leave quickly.]	yes
ROSS: Ok, just, just remember how crazy I am about you, ok?	neither
RACH: Kind of ditzy? Too into her looks? Spoiled?	neither
ROSS: Now that's a little spoiled. He was supposed to type &quot;little&quot;, the idiot.	neither
RACH: Just a waitress?	neither
ROSS: No, that, that was, I mean, as opposed to uh, the uh, ok. Is this over yet Rach?	neither
RACH: Oh! I do not have chubby ankles! [Rachel leaves, and Ross follows her into the hall.]	neither
ROSS: No, no, wait, ok, ok, look at the other side. Look at Julie's column.	neither
RACH: She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't know because I'm just a waitress. [She goes into her apartment and slams the door.]	neither
ROSS: No, Rach, come on. Rach! Rach, no, no! She's not Rachel, she is, she is not, Ra--Rachel?	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Chandler, Monica, Joey, and Phoebe are there.]	0
CHAN: My diary! My diary, that's brilliant. I should have told her it was my diary, she never would have made me read her my diary.	neither
MNCA: You know, that's true. You'd be a great person to have around the day after an emergency.	yes
PHOE: I... I cannot believe Ross even made this list. What a dinkus.	neither
JOEY: Hey, cut him some slack. It was Chandler's idea.	neither
PHOE: What?	neither
MNCA: What?	neither
CHAN: Oh good, I was hoping that would come up.	neither
MNCA: This was your idea?	neither
PHOE: What were you thinking?	neither
CHAN: [squirming] All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.	neither
MNCA: Yeah. You!	neither
CHAN: All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that karma crap, don't you?	neither
PHOE: Yeah, by the way, good luck in your next life as a dung beetle.	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Rachel is sitting on the couch, eating candy. It is raining out. Ross climbs up the fire escape and is knocking on the window.]	0
ROSS: Rach! Whoops! Rach, hey, open up, please!	neither
RACH: [coldly] When somebody does not buzz you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please climb up the fire escape.	yes
ROSS: I just wanna read something. It's your pro list.	neither
RACH: Not interested. [Rachel closes the drapes over the window, goes into her bedroom and closes the door.]	neither
ROSS: [reading his list] Ok, ok, number one: The way you cry at game shows. Number two: how much you love your friends. Number three: the way you play with your hair when you're nervous. Number four: how brave you are for starting your life over. Number five: how great you are with Ben. [Monica, Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe enter, confused.]	neither
ROSS: Number six: the way you smell.	neither
JOEY: [opens the drapes] Hey, Ross! What are you doin'?	neither
ROSS: Hey, Joey. You wanna open the window?	neither
JOEY: Oh, yeah, I do. [He opens the window, Ross comes in, soaked.]	neither
CHAN: What are you doing out there?	neither
ROSS: I am, uh, I am...	neither
MNCA: Oh, you must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup of hot Mockolate? [Ross runs to Rachel's bedroom, knocking on the door.]	neither
ROSS: Rach, come on, open up. Rach, come on, come on, Rach. You got to give me another chance. [Rachel opens the door.]	neither
RACH: No.	neither
ROSS: No?	neither
RACH: That's what I said.	neither
CHAN: Look, maybe we should go?	neither
RACH: No, you guys, you really don't have to go, we're done talking.	neither
ROSS: Rach, come on, look, I know how you must feel.	neither
RACH: [near tears] No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you.	sad
ROSS: No, but, but I wanna be with you in spite of all those things.	neither
RACH: Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big of you, Ross. [to the others] I said don't go!	yes
ROSS: You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.	neither
RACH: Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list. [She closes the door in his face. Ross walks sullenly back to the couch and sits down. A moment of silence ensues.]	neither
JOEY: [quietly] I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? [Ross stares blankly at him] Maybe a little longer.	neither
[Scene: Mr. Ratstatter's office. Monica is there.]	0
MNCA: Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut mockolate holiday nut bars. I've indicated four cups of coconut, and four cups of crushed nut, and only, uh, one tablespoon of mockolate.	neither
RTST: Doesn't matter.	neither
MNCA: What?	neither
RTST: Our FDA approval didn't come through. Something about laboratory rats.	neither
MNCA: Oh, gosh, I'm sorry.	neither
RTST: Yeah, well, anyhoo, here is your check. [hands it to her] Thank you for all the trouble you went through. Um, listen, you didn't eat a lot of it while you were cooking, did you?	neither
MNCA: Well, uh, I ate some.	neither
RTST: Oh, some, that's fine. Some is fine. Some is not a lot. So, it doesn't burn when you pee, does it?	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Rachel are there.] (phone rings)	0
MNCA: Hello? [Ross is at his apartment.]	neither
ROSS: Hi.	neither
RACH: [to Monica] Is that him again? Tell him I'd come to the phone, but my ankles are weighin' me down.	yes
MNCA: [to Ross] Listen, I... I don't think this is the best time.	neither
ROSS: Look, can, can you do something for me?	neither
MNCA: Sure, what? Ok, ok. [hangs up the phone] [to Rachel] Music? [Monica turns on the radio.]	neither
RADIO: The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him. (With or Without You plays) [Rachel seems touched. She pauses for a moment, then picks up the phone and starts to dial. Cut to Ross at his apartment.]	neither
RADIO: Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.	yes
[Scene: Mr. Ratstatter's office. Monica is there.]	0
RTST: Hi, thanks for coming in again.	neither
MNCA: Oh, not at all. I have no morals and I need the cash.	neither
RTST: It's like I'm lookin' in a mirror. Anyway, they're called &quot;fishtachios&quot;. They taste exactly like pistachios, but they're made primarily of reconstituted fish bits. Here, try one. You're not allergic to anything, are you?	neither
MNCA: Cat hair.	neither
RTST: Oh, sorry. END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (138,1) (197, 83)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/209towpd.htm" rectangle=" (70,2) (132, 83)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (1,3) (56, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/207rofo.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="34182" endspan -->	neither
The One With Phoebe's Dad Originally written by Jeffrey Astroff and Mike Sikowitz Transcribed by Josh Hodge. Minor additions and adjustments by Dan SIlverstein.	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica, Rachel, Ross, and Phoebe are there. Phoebe is looking out the window.]	0
PHOEBE: Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Ugly Naked Guy is decorating his tree. Oh my God, you should see the size of his Christmas Balls. [Chandler and Joey enter.]	yes
JOEY: Hey.	neither
CHANDLER: Hey.	neither
RACHEL: Hey.	neither
JOEY: Hey, how much did you guys tip the super this year?	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.	neither
MONICA: Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.	neither
CHANDLER: And twenty-five it is.	neither
JOEY: You gave him cookies?	neither
MONICA: Money is so impersonal. Cookies says someone really cares. . . Alright, we're broke, but cookies do say that.	neither
PHOEBE: I can see that. A plate of brownies once told me a limerick.	yes
CHANDLER: Phoebs, let me ask you something, were, were these, uh, funny brownies?	neither
PHOEBE: Not especially. But you know what, I think they had pot in them.	neither
ROSS: So you guys, who else did you tip with cookies?	neither
RACHEL: Uhh, the mailman, the super. [There's a bang at the door.]	neither
MONICA: Oh, and the newspaper delivery guy. [Joey opens the door and picks up the remnants of the newspaper.	neither
JOEY: Oh my God.	neither
RACHEL: What?	neither
JOEY: Uhhh, I don't think you're gonna like this. [Joey shows them the torn-up newspaper.]	neither
RACHEL: Ooh, goooosh, ooh, these are cookies smashed in the sports section.	neither
MONICA: Oh look, and he did my crossword puzzle.	neither
ROSS: Yeah, but not very well, unless 14-across, 'Gershwin musical' actually is bitemebitemebitemebiteme. OPENING TITLES	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Chandler, and Joey are seated at couches. Rachel is working behind the counter.]	0
JOEY: I can't believe it's Christmas already. Ya know, I mean, one day your eatin' turkey, the next thing ya know, your lords are a-leapin' and you geese are a-layin'.	neither
CHANDLER: Which is why geese are so relaxed this time of year. [Ross enters with several bags from shopping.]	yes
ROSS: Hey guys. CHANDLER, MONICA, and JOEY: Hey. [Ross approaches Rachel at counter.]	neither
ROSS: Hey Rach. I, uh, got you a little present. [Rachel is not impressed]. . I'll open it. It's a Slinky! Remember, huh. [sings] Walks down stairs, alone or in pairs, everyone knows it's. . . just a big spring. Alright, you still mad at me becuase of the whole. . .	neither
RACHEL: Horrible and degrading list of reasons not to be with me?	yes
ROSS: How 'bout from now on we just call it the 'unfortunate incident'? [Rachel walks off] Hey Gunther, you got stairs in your place?	neither
GUNTHER: Yeah.	neither
ROSS: Here, go nuts. [gives him the Slinky and goes and sits with others at the couches]	neither
ROSS: Hey guys. CHANDLER, MONICA, and JOEY: Hey.	neither
CHANDLER: What's in the bag?	neither
ROSS: Um, just some presents.	neither
JOEY: C'mon show us what you bought. . . You know you want to.	neither
ROSS: [childishly] OK. OK, this is a picture frame from Ben to my parents, huh.	neither
MONICA: Cute.	neither
ROSS: I got some, uh, hers and hers towels for Susan and Carol. And, uh, I got this blouse for mom. [Ross holds up the blouse. It is extremely tacky, with sewn-on medals hanging off of it.]	neither
MONICA: Ross, that is gorgeous!	yes
ROSS: Yeah?	neither
MONICA: Look at these authentic fake medals. I tell ya, mom's gonna be voted best dressed at the make-believe military academy. [Phoebe enters.]	yes
PHOEBE: Hey.	neither
GANG: Hey. Hi Phoebe.	neither
PHOEBE: Happy Christmas Eve Eve. [sees Ross's picture frame] Oh my God, where did you get this?	happy
ROSS: Uh, Macy's, third floor, home furnishings.	neither
PHOEBE: This is my father, this is a picture of my dad.	neither
CHANDLER: Nah, Phoebs, that's the guy that comes in the frame.	neither
PHOEBE: No it isn't, this is my dad, alright, I'll show you.	neither
RACHEL: Phoebe, I thought your dad was in prison.	neither
PHOEBE: No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.	neither
RACHEL: How have you never been on Oprah?	yes
PHOEBE: [showing her pictures] OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.	neither
MONICA: Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.	neither
PHOEBE: It's not a blue screen... it's just, maybe it was just really clear that day. OK, I have to talk to my grandmother. [turns to leave]	neither
MONICA: Oh, wait a minute honey.	neither
GANG: Phoebs. [Phoebe leaves]	neither
MONICA: Wow.	neither
JOEY: So anyway, I'm trying to get my boss's ex-wife to sleep with me. . .	neither
GANG: Joey!	neither
JOEY: Oh, but when Phoebe has a problem, everyone's all ears!	yes
[Scene: Phoebe's grandmother's place. Phoebe's grandmother is sitting at the table, reading the obituaries, and crossing out names in the phonebook.]	0
GRANDMOTHER: Esther Livingston. [scratches out name] Gone. [Phoebe enters.]	neither
GRANDMOTHER: Hi, Phoe.	neither
PHOEBE: Hi Gram. Whatcha doin'?	neither
GRANDMOTHER: Oh, just updating the phonebook.	neither
PHOEBE: Um, gram, um, can I see the pictures of my dad again?	neither
GRANDMOTHER: [nervously] Oh. Oh, sure, sure, uh, uh, how come?	neither
PHOEBE: Just, you know, to see... um.	neither
GRANDMOTHER: Oh, sure, yeah. [gets a box with the pictures] This is the one of you father in a meadow, and, uh, helping a little boy fly a kite, and here he is at a graduation. . . another graduation. . . another graduation.	neither
PHOEBE: OK, is this really my father?	neither
GRANDMOTHER: Is it really your fa--I can't... well of course it is.	neither
PHOEBE: OK, I smell smoke. Maybe that's 'cause someone's pants are on fire.	yes
GRANDMOTHER: Look, I. . .	neither
PHOEBE: Ya know, in all the years that we have been grandmother and granddaughter, you have never lied to me.	neither
GRANDMOTHER: Alright, that is not your father, that's just a picture of a guy in a frame.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh God.	neither
GRANDMOTHER: It was your mother's idea. Ya know, she didn't want you to know your real father because it hurt her so much when he left, and, I didn't want to go along with it, but, well then she died and, and it was harder to argue with her. Not impossible, but harder.	neither
PHOEBE: Alright, so, what, he's not a famous tree surgeon? And then, I guess, OK, he doesn't live in a hut in Burma where there's no phones?	yes
GRANDMOTHER: Last I heard, he was a pharmacist somewhere upstate.	neither
PHOEBE: OK, that makes no sense. Why would the villagers worship a pharmacist?	yes
GRANDMOTHER: Honey.	neither
PHOEBE: [realizes] Oh.	neither
GRANDMOTHER: Anyway, that's all I know. That, and this. [pulls apart a frame and pulls a picture out] This is the real him.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Rachel, Chandler, and Joey are decorating the Christmas tree.]	0
CHANDLER: Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.	neither
RACHEL: Well, that doesn't sound like a very merry Christmas.	neither
CHANDLER: Who said anything about Christmas? [Monica and Ross enter.]	neither
MONICA: Hi.	neither
ROSS: Hey, anyone hear from Phoebe yet?	neither
RACHEL: No, nothin'.	neither
MONICA: I hope she's OK.	neither
JOEY: Yeah, I know exactly what she's goin' through.	neither
MONICA: How do you know exactly what she's going through?	neither
JOEY: She told us.	neither
CHANDLER: So whaddya got there Monica?	neither
MONICA: Just some stuff for the party.	neither
ROSS: Yeah, what're you guys doin' here, aren't you supposed to be Christmas shopping?	neither
MONICA: You guys haven't gotten your presents yet? Tomorrow's Christmas Eve, what're ya gonna do?	neither
CHANDLER: Don't you have to be Claymation to say stuff like that?	yes
RACHEL: Oh, by the way Mon, I don't think the mailman liked your cookies. Here are the ornaments your mom sent. [hands her a smashed box]	yes
MONICA: Well, maybe the mailman liked the cookies, we just didn't give him enough.	neither
JOEY: Monica, pigeons learn faster that you. [Ross approaches Rachel, away from everyone else.]	yes
ROSS: Hey, Rach, you know what? I think, I think I know what'll make you feel better. How 'bout you make a list about me.	neither
RACHEL: Wha... forget it Ross, no, I am not gonna stand here and make a list of. . .	neither
ROSS: C'mon Rachel.	neither
RACHEL: OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.	neither
ROSS: See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.	neither
RACHEL: Yeah, and you know what? You're right, I do feel better, thank you Ross. [she walks off and Ross puts his hand to his hair]	neither
[Scene: Back at Phoebe's. She is on the phone]	0
PHOEBE: Yeah, um, in Albany, can I have the number of Frank Buffay. . . OK, um, in Ithica. . . alright, um, Saratoga. . . Oneonta. Alright, you know what, you shouldn't call youself information. [hangs up] [Phoebe's grandmother enters]	yes
GRANDMOTHER: Hey.	neither
PHOEBE: Hello grandma, if that is in fact your real name.	yes
GRANDMOTHER: C'mon now Phoe, don't still be mad at me. How's it going?	neither
PHOEBE: Well, not so good. Upstate's pretty big, he's pretty small, you do the math.	neither
GRANDMOTHER: Well, I think you're better off without him. Oh honey, I know he's your daddy but, but to me he's still the irresponsible creep who knocked up your mom and stole her Gremlin.	neither
PHOEBE: No I just, just wanted to know who he was, ya know.	neither
GRANDMOTHER: I know. OK, I wasn't completely honest with you when I told you that, uh, I didn't know exactly where he lived.	neither
PHOEBE: Whattaya mean?	neither
GRANDMOTHER: He lives at 74 Laurel Drive in Middletown. If you hit the Dairy Queen, you've gone too far. You can take my cab.	neither
PHOEBE: Wow. Thank you.	happy
GRANDMOTHER: Now, remember, nobody else drives that cab.	neither
PHOEBE: Uh-huh, got it. Ooh, I'm gonna see my dad. Wish me luck, Grandpa! [blows a kiss to a picture of Einstein] Commercial	yes
[Scene: Chandler is standing on a street corner waiting for Phoebe in the cab. Joey walks up.]	0
JOEY: Phoebe here with the cab yet?	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.	yes
JOEY: Well she better get here soon, the outlet stores close at 7.	neither
CHANDLER: Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time. [Phoebe drives up in the cab]	neither
JOEY: Hey, here she comes.	neither
Chandler: Hey.	neither
JOEY: Hey. [Phoebe runs over the curb. Joey gets in the back seat, Chandler in the front]	neither
PHOEBE: Hey.	neither
JOEY: Hey.	neither
PHOEBE: Can you believe this. In, like, two hours I'm gonna have a dad. Eeeshk.	happy
CHANDLER: Eeeshk.	happy
JOEY: Yeah, big stuff.	happy
PHOEBE: OK, let's go.	neither
CHANDLER: OK.	neither
PHOEBE: Alright, here, you have to hold this. [hands Chandler a piece of paper]	neither
CHANDLER: OK. [reads paper] Brake left, gas right?	neither
PHOEBE: Uh-huh, yeah, that's my cheat sheet.	neither
CHANDLER: [grabs for seat belt] Where's my seat belt?	yes
PHOEBE: Oh, no no, that side doesn't have one, the paramedics had to cut through it. [Chandler jumps out of the car]	neither
CHANDLER: [Chandler gets in the back seat] Hey!	neither
JOEY: Hey. [Phoebe takes off, Joey and Chandler are thrown back in the seat]	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica is preparing for the party with Ross questioning her.]	0
ROSS: C'mon, just tell me, please, please.	neither
MONICA: For the sixteenth time, no... I do not think you're obsessive. [Rachel enters from her room]	neither
RACHEL: Oh, gosh, it's hot in here.	neither
MONICA: Rach, get the heat. [Rachel holds up her hand with wet fingernail polish] Ross, could you turn the heat down please?	neither
ROSS: Sure. By the way, there's a difference between being obsessive and. . .	neither
MONICA: Ross, the heat!	neither
ROSS: Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one. [goes to the radiator and starts turning the knob] OK, this way is on, so this is. . . [breaks off the knob] off.	yes
RACHEL: Did you just break the radiator?	neither
ROSS: No, no, I was turnin' the knob and, and. . . here it is.	neither
MONICA: Well put it back.	neither
ROSS: It uhh, it won't go back.	neither
RACHEL: I'll call the super.	neither
MONICA: Here, let me try.	neither
ROSS: Oh, oh that's right, I forgot about your ability to fuse metal.	yes
MONICA: Hey, it's Funny's cousin, Not Funny.	neither
RACHEL: [on phone] Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.	neither
ROSS: OK, tip the man.	neither
MONICA: No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.	neither
ROSS: Hey, here's a theme: Come on in, live like bacon.	yes
[Scene: Outside Phoebe's dad's house. The cab pulls up.]	0
PHOEBE: Ooh, this is it, 74. [screeches to a halt, Joey and Chandler are thrown into the plexiglass wall in the cab]	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, so that's what this is for.	neither
PHOEBE: Wow, this is it, I'm gonna meet my dad. This is like the biggest thing ever, huh.	happy
CHANDLER: Yeah.	neither
JOEY: Sure is.	neither
PHOEBE: OK, here I go. I'm goin' in.	neither
CHANDLER: Alright.	neither
JOEY: Good luck Phoebs.	neither
PHOEBE: OK, here I go. . . here I go. . . I'm goin'. [she just sits in the cab]	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. They are having their party. All the guests are stripped down because of the heat.]	0
RACHEL: [answers door] Hi, welcome to our tropical Christmas party. You can put your coats and sweaters and pants and shirts in the bedroom.	neither
ROSS: [sitting at table talking to a girl] It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?	neither
MONICA: [carrying an ice cube tray] Ice, ice, ice squares anyone? Take a napkin. Alright.	neither
ROSS: Monica, Monica, your guest are turning into jerky, OK.	neither
MONICA: Really? I'm perfectly comfortable. [one of the guest opens the refrigerator] Hey, hey, hey, get in line buddy, I was next. [she opens the refrigerator and leans into it]	neither
RACHEL: [answering the door] Mr. Treeger. MR. TREEGER: Uhh, you said there was a party.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, yeah, well hey, welcome to our sauna. MR. TREEGER: Ahh, is it hot? My body always stays cool, probably 'cause I have so much skin. Hey, cheese! [Ross is speaking to Monica and Rachel about tipping the super.]	neither
ROSS: Alright, alright, here's the chance. Monica give him cash, Rachel give him your earrings. Something, now, anything.	neither
MONICA: No, I will not cave.	neither
RACHEL: Yeah, I'm with Mon.	neither
ROSS: Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing. [approaches Mr. Treeger] Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas. [Gives him the cash.] MR. TREEGER: Oh wow, I didn't get you anything. Here's five back.	neither
ROSS: No no, no, that, that's your Christmas tip, alright. Oh, hey, do you think there's a chance you could fix that radiator now? MR. TREEGER: No can do, like I told the girl, I can't get a new knob until Thursday.	neither
MONICA: Ross.	neither
ROSS: Yeah.	neither
MONICA: [to Ross] Looks like he's playin' baseball.	neither
ROSS: You mean hardball?	neither
MONICA: Whatever.	neither
RACHEL: What'cha gonna' do?	neither
ROSS: Excuse me, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here's another 50, happy Hanukkah. Will uh, will this help with the knob getting? MR. TREEGER: No, the place is not open 'till Tuesday. Am I not saying it right.	neither
MONICA: So, wait, you really did like my cookies? MR. TREEGER: Oh, yeah, they were so personal, really showed you cared.	neither
RACHEL: Nice seizing. . . gel boy. MR. TREEGER: [to Rachel who is standing under mistletoe] So, uh, is this, uh, mistletoe?	neither
RACHEL: Huh-huh, no act--no, uhh, that, that is basil. MR. TREEGER: Ahh, if it was mistletoe, I was gonna kiss ya.	neither
RACHEL: Huh-hoo, yeah, no, it's still basil.	yes
[Scene: Outside Phoebe's dad's house. Phoebe is running back to the cab.]	0
PHOEBE: OK.	neither
JOEY: How far'd ya get?	neither
PHOEBE: Mailbox.	neither
CHANDLER: Alright, we're gettin' closer.	neither
PHOEBE: Uh-huh.	neither
JOEY: Phoebs, what's goin' on?	neither
PHOEBE: No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .	neither
JOEY: Well, maybe he's, maybe he's this really cool pharmacist guy.	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.	neither
CHANDLER: Well, so why not go knock?	neither
PHOEBE: Well, 'cause, I mean, what if, what if he's not this great dad guy? I mean, what if, what if he's just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us? You know what? I've already lost a fake dad this week and I don't think I'm ready to lose a real one.	neither
JOEY: Phoebs, that's OK. You took a big step today.	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah?	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah, and someday when you're ready, you'll make it past the hedges.	neither
JOEY: Yeah, and when you do, he'll be lucky to have you.	neither
PHOEBE: You guys. I'm sorry about your shopping.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, that's OK, we'll figure something out.	neither
JOEY: Uh, listen Phoebs, I know you're not goin' in there but do you think it'd be alright if I went in and used his bathroom? Oh, that's fine, never mind. Cool, snow, kinda like a blank canvas.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Ross, Monica, and Rachel are sitting around after the party. Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe enter.]	0
CHANDLER: Ho, ho, ho, holy crap is it hot in here!	neither
JOEY: Really, hey, you mind if I turn the heat down?	neither
MONICA: Hey, we could have used that kind of thinkin' earlier.	yes
ROSS: Hey, Phoebs, how'd it go.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, I couldn't go in.	neither
MONICA: Honey, I'm sorry.	sad
ROSS: Are you OK?	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah, yeah, no it's OK 'cause, I mean, I know he's there, so, that's enough for now.	neither
CHANDLER: Hey, guys, it's after midnight, merry Christmas everyone. [Ross and Phoebe hug, Monica and Rachel hug, Chandler is left standing]	happy
JOEY: Hey, Monica, the knob was broken so I just turned it off from underneath, I hope that's alright. CLOSING TITLES	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Joey and Chandler are giving out their Christmas presents out of a cardboard box from a case of motor oil.]	0
JOEY: Rach, these are for you.	neither
RACHEL: Wiper blades. I don't even have a car.	neither
JOEY: No, but with this new car smell, you'll think you do.	neither
CHANDLER: OK, Phoebs, your turn.	neither
PHOEBE: Ahh, toilet seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?	neither
JOEY: Uh-huh.	neither
PHOEBE: You guuuyys.	neither
JOEY: And for Ross, Mr. Sweet-tooth.	neither
ROSS: You got me a cola drink?	neither
CHANDLER: And, a lemon lime.	neither
ROSS: Well this, this is too much, I feel like I should get you another sweater.	neither
CHANDLER: And last but not least. [Chandler and Joey give Monica a pack of condoms.]	neither
JOEY: They're ribbed for your pleasure. [Ross and Monica trade their gifts.] END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (137,2) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/210russ.htm" rectangle=" (70,2) (129, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,2) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/208list.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="5238" endspan -->	neither
The One With Russ Written by Ira Ungerlieder. Transcribed by Josh Hodge. Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein. [The gang is walking to a newsstand late at night. Joey is anxiously in the lead.]	0
RACH: Joey, would you slow down? They're not gonna be sold out of papers at one o'clock in the morning.	neither
JOEY: I'm excited! I've never gotten reviewed before.	happy
MNCA: You were so amazing as the king. I was really impressed, I was.	happy
PHOE: Although, you know what? You might want to consider wearing underwear next time. Yeah, cause when you sat down on your throne you could kind of see your... royal subject.	neither
JOEY: Here it is, here it is. [reading from newspaper] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent direction was Joseph Tribbiani's disturbingly unskilled portrayal of the king.	neither
CHAN: OK, look, that is one guy's opinion, alright. Phoebs, read yours.	neither
PHOE: OK. [reading] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent direction...	neither
CHAN: Does anyone have one from a different paper? Ross, read yours.	neither
ROSS: I don't want to.	neither
RACH: Joey, honey, they don't know what they're talking about.	neither
ROSS: Yeah.	neither
JOEY: Maybe they do. I've been doin' this ten years and I haven't gotten anywhere. There's gotta be a reason.	sad
ROSS: Oh c'mon. Maybe you're just, uhhh... paying your dues.	neither
JOEY: No, no, no, it.. it's too hard. It's not worth it. I quit.	sad
MNCA: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait one minute. Wait a minute. I believe this will change your mind. [Reads from paper] In a mediocre play, Joseph Tribbiana was able to achieve brilliant new levels of... continued on page 153...[turns it] sucking. Credits	yes
[Scene: Chandler, Phoebe, Rachel, Monica comforting Joey at Monica and Rachel's apartment.]	0
JOEY: When I was little, I wanted to be a veteranarian, but then I found out you had to put your hands into cows and stuff. [Ross enters, depressed.]	neither
ROSS: [sullenly] Hiiiiii.	sad
PHOE: Are... are you OK?	neither
ROSS: Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this jacket, this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?	neither
MNCA: Maybe.	neither
ROSS: Don't toy with me. [Fun Bobby (FBOB) enters from Monica's bedroom.]	neither
FBOB: Geller!	neither
ROSS: Hey, Fun Bobby!	neither
FBOB: Hey. Whoa, hey, you've been working out, huh?	neither
ROSS: Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so psyched to hear you're back with my sister!	yes
MNCA: You and me both.	neither
FBOB: Hey, so what'd I miss, what'd I miss, c'mon?	neither
PHOE: Oh, we were just trying to make Joey feel better.	neither
FBOB: Hey, do you need me to pick you up?	neither
JOEY: No, I'm alright man. Really.	neither
FBOB: No, I'm picking you up.	neither
JOEY: Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... [Fun Bobby picks Joey up off the ground, bounces him. Joey laughs.] Alright! It still works.	neither
FBOB: OK, now before I go, does anybody else need to be picked up? [everyone raises their hands] I'm still gonna go.	neither
MNCA: OK, I'll see you later babe.	neither
FBOB: Uh, public display of affection coming up. You can avert your eyes. [kisses Monica] [Chandler and Joey are watching, Rachel turns their heads away from Monica.]	neither
FBOB: See ya. [exits]	neither
ALL: Bye! See you later!	neither
PHOE: Fun Bobby is so great.	neither
MNCA: Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.	neither
PHOE: Half full of looooovvvvve.	neither
MNCA: And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.	neither
PHOE: Cabin of loooooovvvvve.	neither
RACH: We went through a lot of wine tonight, you guys. [walks over to table, holding five empty wine bottles]	neither
MNCA: Really? I only had two glasses.	neither
JOEY: I just had a glass.	neither
PHOE: Two.	neither
RACH: I had one glass.	neither
CHAN: I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.	neither
RACH: OK, so that's... that's what, two bottles? And yet somehow we went through five? [All look towards door Fun Bobby left through.]	neither
ROSS: Oooooh.	neither
JOEY: [realizing what everyone else did a minute ago] Ooooooh.	neither
MNCA: So what. So he drank a lot tonight.	neither
ROSS: Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.	neither
PHOE: Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'	neither
JOEY: Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?	neither
MNCA: Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.	neither
[Scene: Monica, Fun Bobby, and Phoebe sitting in Central Perk Rachel is serving them. She brings a mug to Monica.]	0
MNCA: Rach, does this have nonfat milk?	neither
RACH: Ehhhummmm, I don't know, why don't you taste it.	neither
MNCA: [takes a sip] Mmmm, no.	neither
RACH: Oh well, too late, sorry, you already had some.	neither
FBOB: [pulls out a flask] Whattaya say we make these, uh, coffees Irish? [Phoebe and Rachel look uncomfortable.]	neither
PHOE: Um, cake.	neither
RACH: Yeah, we're gonna... we're gonna get some cake. [Phoebe and Rachel go to counter.]	neither
MNCA: You know what? It seems like you've been making an awful lot of stuff Irish lately.	neither
FBOB: Well, I would make them Belgian, but the waffles are hard to get into that flask.	neither
MNCA: Bobby.	neither
FBOB: Yeah, OK.	neither
MNCA: Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worried about you.	neither
FBOB: OK, look, this isn't the first time somebody's said something to me about this, but, I don't know... I always made excuses about it, like... uhhh... 'I'm just a social drinker,' or, 'C'mon, it's Flag Day.'	neither
MNCA: So, what are you saying now?	neither
FBOB: I guess I'm saying, I'll try and quit. I kinda like that you worry about me. [they hug]	neither
PHOE: [comes back to couch, with cake] Sooo, what's goin' on, huh?	neither
FBOB: I am gonna try and quit drinking.	neither
PHOE: [sad] Ooohh, why? [Chandler and Joey enter.]	neither
CHAN: Hey.	neither
JOEY: Hey.	neither
MNCA: Hey.	neither
PHOE: Hey.	neither
CHAN: Guess who's back in show business.	neither
PHOE: Ohh, ohh, Lorne Green?	neither
CHAN: No, no, Phoebs. You know why? Cause he's dead.	neither
PHOE: Oh, no.	neither
CHAN: OK, I guess this is gonna seem kinda bittersweet now, but... Joey, that's who.	neither
JOEY: Yeah, my agent just called me with an audition for Days of Our Lives!	happy
PHOE: Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a soap opera theme.	happy
CHAN: Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.	yes
PHOE: Hey Rach, what time do you get off? We're all gonna do something tonight.	neither
RACH: Ummmm.... well, actually I'm already done, but I...I kinda got plans.	neither
MNCA: [gasps] You have other friends?	neither
RACH: Yeah... I, uhh... I have a... I have a date.	neither
MNCA: What?	neither
JOEY: With a man?	yes
RACH: What? What is so strange about me having a date?	neither
JOEY: What about Ross? I mean, are you still mad at him cause he made that list about you?	neither
RACH: Noooo, no, I'm not mad at him. I'm.. I'm not really anything at him anymore.	neither
MNCA: What are you talking about?	neither
RACH: I don't know. Whatever I was feeling, I'm... not.	neither
PHOE: But you guys came so close.	neither
RACH: Oh, I know, I'm sorry you guys. You're just gonna have to get used to the fact that I will not be dating Ross. [Russ enters Central Perk. He looks like Ross, except for his chin and hair (it is David Schwimmer in a dual role).]	neither
RACH: Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.	neither
RUSS: [sounding like Ross] Hhhhiiiii. [Everyone looks at each other in amazement.]	neither
[Scene: Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Estelle (ESTL) is speaking on the phone.]	0
ESTL: Stop saying you're not talented, you're very talented. It's just with the bird dead and all, there's very little act left. Oh, honey, give me a break, will ya? [a knock on the door] Oooh, ooh, I'll talk to you later. [Joey enters.]	neither
ESTL: Well, there's my favorite client. So tell me darling, how was the audition?	neither
JOEY: Well, I think it went pretty well. I.. I got a callback for Thursday.	neither
ESTL: Joey, have you ever seen me ecstatic?	neither
JOEY: No.	neither
ESTL: Well, here it is. [She almost smiles.]	happy
JOEY: OK, uh.... listen, there's something I want to talk to you about. The network casting lady...	neither
ESTL: Oh, isn't Lori a doll?	neither
JOEY: Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the feeling that she was sort of... coming on to me. And I definitely would get the part if I would've... you know... if I would have sent the Little General in.	neither
ESTL: Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and straighten it out. [picks up the phone] Yeah, hi, Lori please. [pause] Hi darling. So how 'bout Joey Tribbiani for the part of the cab driver, isn't he terrific? [pause] Uh-huuuuh. [pause] Uh-huuuuh. OK, doll. Talk to you later. [hangs up] [to Joey] Yeah, you're gonna have to sleep with her.	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel at counter, Phoebe, Chandler, and Fun Bobby at the couch.]	0
RACH: What's the matter?	neither
MNCA: It's Fun Bobby.	neither
RACH: What, isn't he sober?	neither
MNCA: Oh, he's sober alright. Just turns out that Fun Bobby was fun for a reason.	neither
RACH: Ohhh, OK. [Monica returns to couch next to Fun Bobby.]	neither
MNCA: Alright, here you go, sweetie. [hands Fun Bobby his coffee]	neither
FBOB: Thanks. You wanna hear something funny?	neither
MNCA: Oh God, yes!	neither
FBOB: There are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.	neither
PHOE: That is funny.	yes
FBOB: I needed to buy a hammer the other night, and I'm out walkin' around the neighborhood but apparently there are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.	neither
MNCA: Ahhh, hey honey? Don't you have to be at your interview now?	neither
FBOB: Oh yeah. See you guys. [leaves]	neither
CHAN: Bye..... ridiculously dull Bobby.	yes
MNCA: Oh.... my... God.	sad
PHOE: It's not that bad.	neither
MNCA: Not that bad? Did you hear the hammer story?	neither
PHOE: OK, OK, don't get all squinky.	neither
RACH: Maybe it was just the kind of story where you have to be there.	neither
MNCA: But I'm gonna be there... for the rest of my life. I mean, I can't break up with him. I'm the one who made him quit drinking. He's dull because of me.	neither
PHOE: Alright, don't say that. He's probably always been dull. You just, you know, set it free. [Russ enters, walking in behind Chandler.]	neither
RUSS: Hi.	neither
CHAN: [turning around] Hey Ross.... bahhhh!	neither
RACH: Hi Russ, I've just got two more tables to clean and then we'll go, OK?	neither
RUSS: OK, I'll just sit here and... uh... chat with your, uh.... friend-type....people. [Phoebe walks up to Rachel, cleaning tables.]	neither
PHOE: Rachel? Um, hi.	neither
RACH: Hi.	neither
PHOE: OK, so, you know what you're doing, right?	neither
RACH: Uhh.... waitressing?	neither
PHOE: Well, yeah, but... no. I mean, umm... doesn't.... doesn't Russ just remind you of someone?	neither
RACH: [looks at him] Huh, Bob Saget?	neither
PHOE: [looks at Russ] Oh, yeah! No, no, no, no, oh, oh. [Phoebe turns back around but Rachel is gone. Ross enters.]	neither
PHOE: Oh, my, oh!	neither
ROSS: What? What's wrong?	neither
PHOE: I, OK....	neither
MNCA: She's just upset because she, uh, she buttered a spider into her toast this morning.	neither
ROSS: Alright.	neither
CHAN: [to Phoebe] Listen, Phoebs, this is gonna be OK. [introducing Russ and Ross] Ross, Russ. Russ, Ross.	neither
RUSS: Hi.	neither
ROSS: Hi.	neither
RUSS: Are you a, uh, friend of Rachel's?	neither
ROSS: Yes, yes I am. Are you a, uh, a friend of Rachel's?	neither
RUSS: Actually, I'm a... kind of a.... you know, a... date-type... thing... of Rachel's.	neither
ROSS: A date.	neither
RUSS: Yeah, I'm her date.	neither
ROSS: Oh, oh, you're... uh... you're, oh you're the date.	neither
CHAN: You know, this is actually good, because if we ever lose Ross, we have a spare.	neither
RUSS: Oh, you are the, uh... paleontologist.	neither
ROSS: Yes, yes I am. And you are a....	neither
RUSS: Periodontist.	neither
MNCA: See? They're as different as night and... later that night.	neither
ROSS: Well, I am going to, uh... get a beverage. It was nice, nice... uh... meeting you.	neither
RUSS: Ditto. [ROss approaches Rachel at counter.]	neither
ROSS: I, uh, well... I... I met Russ.	neither
RACH: Oh.	neither
ROSS: Hey, I didn't know we were, uh, seeing other people.	neither
RACH: Well, we're not seeing each other, so....	neither
ROSS: Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... uh... winged things... who's, uh, let it be known that she is drawn to me much like a... well, you know. But so far I've been keeping her at bay, but, uh, if this is the deal...	neither
RACH: Well, yeah, this is the deal.	neither
ROSS: OK, well, um, have a nice evening.	neither
RACH: Um, Russ, you ready?	neither
RUSS: Yeah.	neither
RACH: Bye.	neither
MNCA: Bye.	neither
PHOE: Bye. [Russ and Rachel leave together.]	neither
ROSS: [upset] She's dating. She's dating.	neither
CHAN: Yes, yes, but did you see who she was dating?	neither
ROSS: What do you mean?	neither
MNCA: Do you not see it?	neither
ROSS: See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like... I don't know, uhh... uhhh, hello.... a... week, to get out a sentence.	yes
CHAN: Yeah, it's annoying, isn't it?	neither
ROSS: ....................Yeah.	yes
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Joey is making marinara sauce and filling every container in sight. Chandler enters.]	0
CHAN: Hey.	neither
JOEY: Hey.	neither
CHAN: Whoa, whoa, so I'm guessing you didn't get the part, or... uh, Italy called and said it was hungry.	neither
JOEY: Well, the part's mine if I want it.	neither
CHAN: Oh my God!	neither
JOEY: Yeah, if I'm willing to sleep with the casting lady.	neither
CHAN: [not knowing how to react] Oh my... God?	neither
JOEY: Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.	neither
CHAN: So, what're you gonna do?	neither
JOEY: Well, I guess I could sleep with her... I mean, how could I do that?	neither
CHAN: Well, I... I've got a pop-up book that told me everything I need to know.	neither
JOEY: I've never slept with someone for a part.	neither
CHAN: Well is she... [reaches into the cookie jar for a cookie, takes his hand out, covered with pasta sauce]	neither
JOEY: Sorry.	neither
CHAN: It's alright. Is she good-looking?	neither
JOEY: Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. [pause] You know, after having slept with her.	neither
CHAN: Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.	yes
JOEY: I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.	neither
CHAN: Didn't you used to call it the Little Major?	neither
JOEY: Yeah, but after Denise DeMarco, I had to promote it.	neither
[Scene: A restaurant. Fun Bobby and Monica are ordering.]	0
WAITER: Can I get you something from the bar?	neither
MNCA: Yes, I would like something. [looks at Fun Bobby, changes her mind] No, no thank you.	neither
FBOB: If... if you want to drink, it's OK with me, I've got to get used to it.	neither
MNCA: No, no really. I.. I wouldn't feel right about it. [to waiter] Just some water.	neither
FBOB: So the light went out in my refrigerator...	neither
MNCA: [grabs waiter as he's leaving] I'd like a scotch on the rocks with a twist.	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Chandler is sitting on the couch between Russ and Ross, doing a crossword puzzle.]	0
CHAN: Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... eleven letters, atomic element number 101... ends in ium.	neither
RUSS: Dysprosium.	neither
ROSS: [condescendingly] Dysprosium? Try mendelevium.	neither
CHAN: And weenie number two has it. Unless, of course, nine-down, Knights in White Satin was sung by the Doody Blues. [Phoebe and Rachel are at the counter talking.]	neither
PHOE: You don't see it? You actually don't see it?	neither
RACH: What?	neither
PHOE: OK honey, you're dating Ross.	neither
RACH: No, Phoebs. I'm dating Russ.	neither
PHOE: Russ is Ross. Russ... Ross!	neither
RACH: Steve... sleeve!	yes
PHOE: OK, noone is named Sleeve.	neither
RACH: Phoebe, what the hell are you talking about? Other than their names being similar, I'm sorry, I do not see what you're seeing. [They look over at Russ and Ross.]	neither
ROSS: [to Russ] For your information, it's a card sharp, not a card shark.	neither
RUSS: You could not be more wrong. You could try... but you would not be successful.	neither
CHAN: OK, I'm gonna get some more coffee before the pinching and eye-poking begins.	yes
RUSS: I know what your problem is.	neither
ROSS: Oh you do, do you?	yes
RUSS: Um-hum, you're jealous.	neither
ROSS: Of... of what?	neither
RUSS: You're jealous because I'm a real doctor.	neither
ROSS: Hey, you're a doctor of gums. That's the smallest body part you can major in. It's like day one, floss. Day two, here's your diploma.	yes
RUSS: Hey, you listen.	neither
ROSS: No, no, let me finish.	neither
RUSS: No, let me finish.	neither
ROSS: No, you let me fini... [Rachel walks up behind them.]	neither
ROSS: Hi.	neither
RUSS: Hi.	neither
RACH: Ewww, ewww, ewww, ewww! [turns away]	neither
[Scene: Ross, Phoebe, Rachel, and Chandler at Monica and Rachel's apartment.]	0
RACH: Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?	neither
CHAN: No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?	neither
RACH: I don't know. Who would I have to sleep with?	neither
CHAN: Me.	neither
RACH: Why would I have to sleep with you?	neither
CHAN: It's my game. You want the job or not? [Monica enters from her bedroom.]	neither
CHAN: Hey.	neither
MNCA: Morning.	neither
ROSS: Where ya goin'?	neither
MNCA: Bobby and I are going away for the weekend, remember?	neither
ROSS: Ooooohhhh. [Monica pulls out a bag full of airline bottles of liquor.]	neither
PHOE: What's with all the bottles of liquor?	neither
ROSS: What's going on, is... uh, Bobby drinking again?	neither
MNCA: Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing. [Three slow knocks on the door.]	neither
RACH: Oh God, even his knock is boring. [Monica answers the door. Its Fun Bobby.]	neither
MNCA: Hi. I'll be ready in just a second.	neither
FBOB: Uh, can I talk to you a minute?	neither
MNCA: Sure. [They both step out into the hall.]	neither
FBOB: This is really hard for me to say.	neither
MNCA: Oh God, you fell off the wagon.	neither
FBOB: Oh, no, no, it's about you.	neither
MNCA: What about me?	neither
FBOB: I think you may have a drinking problem.	neither
MNCA: What these? [holding up liquor bottles] Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and scrapes.	neither
FBOB: Look, I am just not strong enough to be in a codependent relationship right now, OK?	neither
MNCA: Oh... shoot.	neither
FBOB: Well, anyway, I hope we can be friends.	neither
MNCA: OK. [They hug and kiss.]	neither
MNCA: Take care.	neither
FBOB: You too. [Fun Bobby leaves and Monica goes back inside.]	neither
RACH: What happened?	neither
MNCA: Well we... we kinda broke up.	neither
GANG: Awwwwwwww. [Ross, Phoebe, Chandler, and Rachel all exchange money.]	sad
MNCA: [holding bottles] Does anybody want these?	neither
CHAN: I'll take one. Sometimes I like to hold stuff like this and pretend I'm a giant. [Joey enters.]	neither
JOEY: Hey.	neither
GANG: Hey!	neither
ROSS: How'd the callback go?	neither
JOEY: It was unbelievable! I walked in there and she was all over me.	neither
CHAN: So what'd you do?	neither
JOEY: Well, I couldn't do it. I told her I didn't want to get the part that way.	neither
ROSS: Good for you.	neither
JOEY: But wait, wait, wait. Then, after I left her office, she caught up with me at the elevator and offered me an even bigger part.	neither
PHOE: So... and?	neither
JOEY: Soooooo... you are now looking at Dr. Drake Ramore, neurosurgeon, recurring in at least four episodes!	happy
GANG: Allright!	happy
JOEY: Alright... I've got to go shower. [leaves] [Phoebe, Ross, Rachel, Chandler exchange money again.] Credits [Scene: Central Perk. Russ enters. Chandler and Phoebe are sitting on the couch.]	neither
RUSS: Hi.	neither
CHAN: Oh, hey.	neither
PHOE: Hi.	neither
RUSS: I guess you guys heard, Rachel dumped me.	neither
CHAN: Yeah, I'm sorry man.	neither
RUSS: Oh, all she said was that I remind her too much of somebody. You have any idea who she's talking about? [Chandler and Phoebe feign ignorance.]	neither
PHOE: Oh I do, it's.... it's Bob Saget. She hates him.	yes
RUSS: Oh. [Julie... Ross's ex-girlfriend... enters.]	neither
JULIE: Hey.	neither
CHAN: Hey!	neither
PHOE: Hey, Julie! Hey, how are you doing?	neither
JULIE: Um, oh, I don't know. I mean, it's definitely weird not being with Ross, but I guess I'm doing OK. Actually I've got some of his stuff that he, um.... [Russ and Julie look at each other with love in their eyes. The music builds...] END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (139,1) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/211towlw.htm" rectangle=" (70,0) (130, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,0) (59, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/209towpd.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="39965" endspan -->	neither
The One With the Lesbian Wedding Originally written by Doty Abrams Transcribed by Mindy Mattingly Phillips [at Ross's. Carol and Susan are picking Ben up]	0
ROSS: Ok. Here's his diaper bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!	neither
CAROL: So how did everything go?	neither
ROSS: Oh, great. Great. There was a projectile, uh, throwing up incident, but he started it.	neither
CAROL: Well, we've gotta go.	neither
ROSS: Ok.	neither
SUSAN: [clears her throat]	neither
CAROL: Oh, right. Um, I've got some news. It's about us.	neither
ROSS: Oh, you and me?	neither
CAROL: Uh, no, Susan and me.	neither
SUSAN: The other us.	neither
ROSS: Ok.	neither
CAROL: We're uh, we're getting married.	neither
ROSS: As in, &quot;I now pronounce you wife and wife&quot; married?	neither
CAROL: Anyway, we'd like you to come, but we totally understand if you don't want to.	neither
ROSS: Why wouldn't I want to come? I had fun at the first wedding.	neither
CAROL: Look I just thought that...	neither
ROSS: No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!	yes
SUSAN: Is your finger caught in that chair?	neither
ROSS: Mmm hmmm.	neither
CAROL: Want us to go?	neither
ROSS: Uh-huh. [at Rachel and Monica's]	neither
ROSS: This is so cool. You're actually gonna be on television.	happy
JOEY: It really hit me last night. I'm gonna be on Days of our Lives. And then I started thinkin' about all of u, and how these are the days of our lives..	neither
MONICA: Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast. ROSS, CHANDLER &amp; JOEY: Yes!	neither
MONICA: They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?	neither
ROSS: Would it matter?	neither
MONICA: Oh, you are so great! [kisses him] Thank you!	happy
JOEY: Are you really not going?	neither
ROSS: I am really not going. I don't get it. They already live together, why do they need to get married?	neither
MONICA: They love each other, and they wanna celebrate that love with the people that are close with them.	neither
ROSS: If you wanna call that a reason.	neither
CHANDLER: [singing to the tune of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood] Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.	yes
MONICA: Ross, I thought you were over this.	neither
ROSS: Look, that has nothing to do with this, ok? She's my ex-wife. If she were marrying a guy, none of you'd expect me to be there.	neither
JOEY: Hey, if she were marrying a guy, she'd be like the worst lesbian ever.	yes
RACHEL: [entering hurriedly] Did I miss it? Did I miss it?	neither
JOEY: No, I'm on right after this guy shoots himself.	neither
CHANDLER: Whoa, she's pretty.	neither
JOEY: Yeah, and she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.	neither
RACHEL: I'm sorry, what?	neither
MONICA: What?	neither
JOEY: It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, ok.	neither
JOEY: There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] &quot;Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon. MRS. WALLACE: Is she gonna be all right?	neither
JOEY: I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..subcranial hematoma. Perhaps we can discuss this over coffee.	neither
CHANDLER: Nice!	happy
RACHEL: That's great!	happy
ROSS: Excellent!	happy
CHANDLER: For a minute there I thought you were actually tryin' to smell something. [Monica and Rachel's]	yes
ROSS: That is so good! Do it again!	happy
JOEY: All right, all right. &quot;Damnit Braverman, it's right there on the chart!&quot;	neither
CHANDLER: That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got a big dinosaur bone to inspect.	neither
ROSS: No no, that's me.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, yeah.	neither
ROSS: Oh, hello.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, thanks. I couldn't uh...	neither
ROSS: Is everything ok?	neither
PHOEBE: Um, no, huh-uh. One of my clients died on the massage table today.	neither
ROSS: Oh my god.	sad
CHANDLER: That's a little more relaxed than you want them to get.	yes
PHOEBE: Yeah, um, she was 82 years old. Her name was um, Mrs. Adelman.	neither
MONICA: Oh, honey.	sad
PHOEBE: Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, &quot;ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage.&quot; Little did she know God was thinking, &quot;Ok, but that's it.&quot; Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far.	neither
RACHEL: What do you mean?	neither
PHOEBE: I think it went into me. [Everyone takes a step back from Phoebe] [Central Perk]	neither
MONICA: God, this is so hard. I can't decide between lamb or duck.	neither
CHANDLER: Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks.	yes
RACHEL: Ok, who ordered what?	neither
ROSS: Oh, I believe I had the half-drunk cappuccino with the lipstick on the rim.	neither
CHANDLER: Yes, and this with the cigarette butt in it, is that decaf?	neither
RACHEL: Oh god.	neither
JOEY: I can't believe you're so uptight about your mom comin'.	neither
RACHEL: I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total crap, you know?	neither
PHOEBE: [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Talk about crap. Try listening to Stella Niedman tell the story of her and Rod Steiger for the hundredth time.	neither
JOEY: Uh, Pheebs, how long do you think this lady'll be with us?	neither
PHOEBE: I don't know. I mean, she obviously has some kind of unfinished business. [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Sit up! MRS. GREEN: [entering] There she is.	neither
RACHEL: Mom! MRS GREEN: Sweetie! So this is where you work? Oh, it's wonderful! Is it a living room? Is it a restaurant? Who can tell? But I guess that's the fun.	neither
RACHEL: Pretty much. MRS GREEN: Monica! You look gorgeous! Last time I saw you, it was eat or be eaten.	neither
RACHEL: This is Joey, and Phoebe, and this is Chandler, and you remember Ross. MRS GREEN: Oh hello, Ross.	neither
ROSS: Hi, Mrs. Green. [He gets up to shake her hand, but she ignores him.] MRS GREEN: So, what do you think of my daughter in the apron with the big job?	neither
RACHEL: Oh Mom! MRS GREEN: If you didn't pour the coffee, no one would have anything to drink.	neither
CHANDLER: Believe me, sometimes that happens. MRS GREEN: This is just so exciting. You know, I never worked. I went straight from my father's house to the sorority house to my husband's house. I am just so proud of you.	neither
RACHEL: Really? MRS GREEN: Yes.	neither
PHOEBE: I know who it is you remind me of. Evelyn Dermer. 'Course, that's before she got the lousy face lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales.	neither
JOEY: Pheebs, who's Evelyn Dermer?	neither
PHOEBE: I don't know. Who's Soupy Sales? [at Rachel and Monica's MRS GREEN: Oh my god, there's an unattractive nude man playing the cello.	neither
RACHEL: Yeah, well just be glad he's not playing a smaller instrument. MRS GREEN: [laughing] You have some life here, sweetie.	yes
RACHEL: I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know? MRS GREEN: I do. You didn't love Barry. And I've never seen you this happy. I look at you and I think, oh, this is what I want.	neither
RACHEL: For...me. MRS GREEN: Well, not just for you.	neither
RACHEL: Well, what do you mean? MRS GREEN: I'm uh, considering leaving your father.	neither
MONICA: [entering] All right. Tell me if this is too cute. Lesbian wedding, chicken breasts.	yes
RACHEL: Oh god. I think I'm gonna be sick.	neither
MONICA: Why? It's not like I'm putting little nipples on them.	yes
ROSS: And you had no idea they weren't getting along?	neither
RACHEL: None.	neither
JOEY: They didn't fight a lot?	neither
RACHEL: No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems?	neither
PHOEBE: [Mrs. Adelman's voice] In my day, divorce was not an option.	neither
JOEY: Hey, look who's up.	neither
RACHEL: I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, when I was little, everybody's parents were getting divorced. I just figured as a grownup I wouldn't have to worry about this.	neither
MONICA: Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.	neither
RACHEL: Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?	neither
CHANDLER: You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.	neither
PHOEBE: That's him.	neither
CHANDLER: Damn. My mail order grandfather hasn't come yet. MR A: Phoebe?	neither
PHOEBE: Yes, hi, Mr. Adelman. Thanks for meeting me. MR A: Oh, that's all right, although you did cut into my busy day of sitting.	neither
PHOEBE: Um, do you wanna sit? MR A: Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?	neither
PHOEBE: I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me. MR A: You're saying, my wife is in you?	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around? MR A: Well, I don't know what to tell you dear. The only thing I can think of is that she always used to say that before she died, she wanted to see everything.	neither
PHOEBE: Everything? MR A: Everything.	neither
PHOEBE: Whoa, that's a lot of stuff. MR A: Oh, wait, I remember, she also said she wanted to sleep with me one last time.	neither
PHOEBE: I'm sorry, there's laughing in my head. MR A: [to Joey] Worth a shot, huh? [Joey nods and shrugs.] MRS GREEN: Look at this.	yes
RACHEL: These are from Halloween three years ago. MRS GREEN: Oh, look, here's Barry. Did he have to come straight from the office?	yes
RACHEL: No, that was his costume. See, he's actually an orthodontist, but he came as a regular dentist.	neither
MONICA: Um, you guys, you know when I said before, &quot;thank you, but I don't really need your help&quot;?	neither
RACHEL: Actually, what I think you said was, &quot;don't touch that, and get the hell out of my kitchen.&quot;	neither
MONICA: Really? Weird. Anyway, see, I planned everything really well. I planned and I planned and I planned. It just turns out, I don't think I planned enough time to actually do it.	neither
RACHEL: Hey, Mon, you want some help?	neither
MONICA: If you want.	neither
PHOEBE: [enters] Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty.	neither
RACHEL: She's still with you?	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. [Takes Mrs. Green's chin in her hand and says, in Mrs. Adelman's voice] Oh, such a pretty face. MRS GREEN: This is so much fun, just the girls. You know what we should do? Does anybody have any marijuana?	neither
RACHEL: God!	neither
MONICA: All right, look, nobody's smoking pot around all this food. MRS GREEN: That's fine. I never did it. I just thought I might. So, what's new in sex?	neither
RACHEL: Oh! What's new in sex? MRS GREEN: The only man I've ever been with is your father.	neither
MONICA: I'm dicing, I'm dicing, I don't hear anything. MRS GREEN: I mean, this is no offense to your dad, sweetie, but I was thinking there might be more.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing? MRS GREEN: No.	yes
RACHEL: You want me to talk you out of it? MRS GREEN: No.	neither
RACHEL: Then what? What do you want? MRS GREEN: I guess I just figured of all people you would understand this.	neither
RACHEL: Why on earth would I understand this? MRS GREEN: You didn't marry your Barry. I did.	neither
RACHEL: Oh.	neither
MONICA: All right people, we're in trouble here. We've only got 12 hours and 36 minutes left. Move, move, move!	neither
CHANDLER: Monica, I feel like you should have German subtitles.	?
MONICA: Joey, speed it up!	neither
JOEY: I'm sorry, it's the pigs. they're reluctant to get in the blankets!	neither
PHOEBE: Monica, how did this happen? I thought you had this all planned out.	neither
MONICA: Do you want me to cry? Is that what you want? Do you wanna see me cry?	neither
PHOEBE: Sir! No sir!	neither
MONICA: [to Ross] All right, you!	neither
ROSS: No. Look, I told you I am not a part of this thing.	neither
MONICA: All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called &quot;pigs in Ross&quot;. All right, ball the melon.	neither
CHANDLER: Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon. [knock at the door]	neither
MONICA: Hi.	neither
CAROL: How's it going?	neither
MONICA: It's goin' great. Right on schedule. Got my little happy helpers.[everyone groans]	neither
CAROL: Fine, whatever.	neither
ROSS: What's the matter?	neither
CAROL: Nothing. Ok, everything. I think we're calling off the wedding.	neither
ROSS: What?	neither
MONICA: You're still gonna pay me, right? Or something a little less selfish.	neither
ROSS: Carol, what's the matter? What happened?	neither
CAROL: My parents called this afternoon to say they weren't coming.	neither
ROSS: Oh my god.	neither
CAROL: I mean, I knew they were having trouble with this whole thing, but they're my parents. They're supposed to give me away and everything.	neither
ROSS: It's ok. I'm sorry.	neither
CAROL: And then Susan and I got in this big fight because I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call off the wedding. I don't know what to do.	neither
ROSS: I uh can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I think Susan's right.	neither
CAROL: You do?	neither
ROSS: Look, do you love her? And you don't have to be too emphatic about this.	neither
CAROL: Of course I do.	neither
ROSS: Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.	neither
CAROL: You're right. Of course you're right.	neither
MONICA: So we're back on?	neither
CAROL: We're back on.	neither
MONICA: You heard the woman. Peel, chop, devil! I can't believe I lost 2 minutes. [at the wedding]	neither
JOEY: It just seems so futile, you know ? All these women, and nothing. I feel like Superman without my powers, you know? I have the cape, and yet I cannot fly.	neither
CHANDLER: Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding. [Wedding music starts, Phoebe noisily unwraps a piece of candy.]	yes
PHOEBE: [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Butterscotch? No one? All right, you'll be sorry later. [Monica pushes Ben down the aisle in a stroller. Susan is escorted by both her parents. Carol is escorted by Ross.]	neither
CAROL: Thank you.	neither
ROSS: Any time. [He doesn't want to let her go]	neither
CAROL: Ross. [He lets her go]	neither
MINISTER: You know, nothing makes God happier than when two people, any two people, come together in love. Friends, family, we're gathered here today to join Carol and Susan in holy matrimony.	neither
PHOEBE: [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! [Phoebe's voice] Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go. [At the reception, Monica and Ross watch Carol and Susan getting their picture taken.]	yes
MONICA: Would you look at them?	neither
ROSS: Yeah, can't help but.	neither
JOEY: [to a wedding guest] How's that pig-in-the-blanket workin' out for you? [the guy nods] I wrapped those bad boys.	neither
PHOEBE: I miss Rose.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, yeah?	neither
PHOEBE: I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone.	neither
WOMAN: You know, I uh, I couldn't help but overhear what you just said, and I think it's time for you to forget about Rose, move on with your life...how 'bout we go get you a drink?	neither
PHOEBE: Ok, that's so nice. [Chandler tries to warn Phoebe that the woman is coming on to her, but Phoebe doesn't see him.]	neither
CHANDLER: [to an attractive woman] I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right? [The woman walks away]	neither
RACHEL: Hey, Mom? Having fun? MRS GREEN: Oh, am I! I just danced with a wonderfully large woman. And three other girls made eyes at me over the buffet. Oh, I'm not saying it's something I wanna pursue, but it's nice to know I have options.	neither
RACHEL: There's more alcohol, right? [Susan approaches Ross, who's looking lonely]	neither
SUSAN: How you doin'?	neither
ROSS: Ok.	neither
SUSAN: You did a good thing today.	neither
ROSS: Yeah.	neither
SUSAN: You wanna dance?	neither
ROSS: No, that's fine.	neither
SUSAN: Come on. I'll let you lead.	neither
ROSS: Ok. [They dance; Carol looks on lovingly.]	neither
CHANDLER: [to the woman who just rejected him] All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people. [She walks away again.] [at Monica and Rachel's]	neither
MONICA: Ok, which one of us do you think is gonna be the first one to get married?	neither
ROSS: Well, Mon, I was married.	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah, me, too, technically.	neither
RACHEL: I had a wedding.	neither
MONICA: All right, just trying to start an interesting discussion.	neither
JOEY: I got one. Which one of us do you think will be the last to get married? [They all look at Chandler]	neither
CHANDLER: Isn't Ben in this?	neither
ALL: Oh, yeah! END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (139,1) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/212toasb.htm" rectangle=" (70,0) (127, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,1) (57, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/210russ.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="35896" endspan -->	neither
The One With the Prom Video Originally written by Alexa Junge. Trascribed by Josh Hodge.	0
NOTE: For this episode, I'm using italics to signify portions contained in the prom video.	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is playing foosball by himself, Joey enters]	0
JOEY: Hey.	neither
CHANDLER: Hey. Hold on a second. [shoots a goal] Huh?	neither
JOEY: Nice, nice. Hey I got somethin' for you. [hands Chandler an envelope.	neither
CHANDLER: What's this?	neither
JOEY: Eight hundred and twelve bucks.	neither
CHANDLER: Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?	yes
JOEY: Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many slices of pizza I can't even count. I love ya man.	neither
CHANDLER: Well, thanks man. Now I can get my pony.	neither
JOEY: Hey, this is a little extra somethin' for uh, ya know, always bein' there for me. [hands Chandler a jewelry box]	neither
CHANDLER: Wow, I don't know what to say. [opens the box and pulls out an incredibly gaudy gold bracelet] Wow, I, I don't know what to say.	yes
JOEY: Heh, what d'ya say?	neither
CHANDLER: I don't know. It's a bracelet.	neither
JOEY: Isn't it? And it's engraved too, check it out.	neither
CHANDLER: [reads] To my best bud. [puts it back in the case] Thanks best bud.	neither
JOEY: Put it on.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, now? [puts it in his desk drawer] No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion. [sets a chair in front of the drawer]	neither
JOEY: Oh, no no, that's the beauty part, it goes with everything. [gets the bracelet from the drawer] You put this on, you're good to go. [puts the bracelet on Chandler] Ohhh man, you are so wearin' that bracelet.	neither
CHANDLER: I so am.	neither
JOEY: You have any idea what this'll do for your sex life?	neither
CHANDLER: Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track. OPENING TITLES	yes
[Scene: A kitchen somewhere. Monica is interviewing for a job]	0
INTERVIEWER: Well, this all looks good.	neither
MONICA: Great.	happy
INTERVIEWER: And if I want to call for a reference on your last job?	neither
MONICA: Oh, that's there on the bottom, see the manager, Chandler Bing.	neither
INTERVIEWER: Alright, lets see if you're as good in person as you are on paper. Make me a salad.	neither
MONICA: A salad? Really I, I could do something a little more complicated if you like.	neither
INTERVIEWER: No, just a salad will be fine.	neither
MONICA: You got it.	neither
INTERVIEWER: Now, I want you to tell me what you're doing while you're doing it.	neither
MONICA: Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.	neither
INTERVIEWER: Uh-huh. Is it dirty?	neither
MONICA: Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.	neither
INTERVIEWER: Don't, I like it dirty.	neither
MONICA: That's your call.	neither
INTERVIEWER: So, uh, what are you going to do next?	neither
MONICA: Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.	neither
INTERVIEWER: Are they, uh, firm?	neither
MONICA: They'r alright.	neither
INTERVIEWER: You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?	neither
MONICA: No really, they're OK.	neither
INTERVIEWER: You gonna slice them up real nice?	neither
MONICA: Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.	yes
INTERVIEWER: Aaaahhhhhhh.	sad
MONICA: I'm outa here. [Monica leaves]	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Phoebe are sitting at the couch. Ross is sitting at the table and answers the phone.]	0
ROSS: Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, is it like at the bat or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, some guy she met at the movies.	neither
ROSS: Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?	neither
CHANDLER: Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.	yes
ROSS: [puts the message in the cupboard] I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.	neither
PHOEBE: Hang in there, it's gonna happen.	neither
ROSS: Wha, OK, now how do you know that?	neither
PHOEBE: Because she's your lobster.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, she's goin' somewhere.	neither
PHOEBE: C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . . [Monica enters from bathroom after taking a shower]	neither
CHANDLER: Hey, you feelin' better?	neither
MONICA: Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.	neither
PHOEBE: So, do you have any other possibilities?	neither
MONICA: Oh yeah, well there's the possibility that I won't make rent.	neither
ROSS: Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.	neither
MONICA: No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.	neither
ROSS: Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.	yes
CHANDLER: Ya know, the man's got a point. [gestures with his arm and the bracelet falls off]	neither
PHOEBE: What is that sparkly thing?	neither
CHANDLER: That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.	neither
ROSS: No no, no no, it's not flashy, not for a Goodfella.	yes
MONICA: Man, man that is sharp. It must have cost you quite a few debloons.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica answers the door and lets her parents in. They are carrying boxes.]	0
MONICA: Hi. MR. GELLER: Hi. MRS. GELLER: Hi darling.	neither
MONICA: So, what's this. MR. GELLER: Some of your old stuff. MRS. GELLER: Well sweetie, we have a surprise for you. We're turning your room into a gym.	neither
MONICA: Wow, that is a surprise. Just one little question, uh, why not Ross's room? MR. GELLER: Gosh, we talked about that but your brother has so many science trophies and plaques and merit badges, well we didn't want to disturb them.	yes
MONICA: Oh, God forbid. [Rachel enters with a laundry basket] MRS. GELLER: Oh, hi Rachel.	neither
RACHEL: Hi. MRS. GELLER: Oh, we were so sorry to hear about your parents splitting up, dear.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, well, you know, they're just separated so, you know, never know, we'll see. MR. GELLER: Well, I can't say any of us were surprised. Your parents have been unhappy ever since we've known them. Especially after that incident in Hawaii.	neither
RACHEL: What, what incident? MR. GELLER: Uhh, naa, no no no, I, I must be thinking of someone else, uh, maybe me. Don't you have some folding to do? Go fold dear. Fold. You fold. [shuffles her into her room]	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Chandler and Phoebe are sitting on couches. A beautiful woman is looking at Chandler.]	0
PHOEBE: Do you want a refill?	neither
CHANDLER: No, I'm alright, thanks.	neither
PHOEBE: OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. [she sticks out her gut, clears her throat and sniffs her nose and then in her best male voice. . .] Dude, 11 o'clock, totally hot babe checkin' you out. That was really good, I think I'm ready for my penis now.	neither
CHANDLER: [walks over to the woman] I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's.	neither
GAIL: I'm Gail.	neither
CHANDLER: Chandler. [waves his arm around, exposing the bracelet]	neither
GAIL: I, I really have to be somewhere but it was nice meeting you.	neither
CHANDLER: What? [realizes it was the bracelet] Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.	yes
PHOEBE: It's not that bad.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection. [Joey walks in behind Chandler]	yes
PHOEBE: Chandler, Chandler.	neither
CHANDLER: I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees Joey] Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. [Joey turns around and walks out without saying anything] That's actually good.	yes
[Scene: Central Perk. Rachel is talking to a man at the counter. Ross and Phoebe are sitting at the couches.]	0
ROSS: Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.	neither
PHOEBE: I think she's OK.	neither
ROSS: [Rachel, laughing, puts a hand on the guy's shoulder] Look at that, look at that, see how she's pushing him away and he won't budge. Alright, I'm gonna do something. [walks up in the middle of their conversation] Excuse me, are you Rachel?	neither
RACHEL: What?	neither
ROSS: I'm Ross Geller. Wha, I'm, God in your add you said you were pretty but wow.	neither
RACHEL: What are you, what are you doin'?	neither
ROSS: Oh, oh my God, is this the wrong day? I don't believe it, uh, well, hey, I guess if it works out we'll, we'll have something to tell the grandkids.	neither
MAN: Sure will. I've uh, gotta go. Take care.	neither
ROSS: OK, see ya later, nice meeting you. [man leaves] You're welcome.	neither
RACHEL: What?	neither
ROSS: I was saving you.	neither
RACHEL: Saving, saving, saving me from the pleasant conversation with the interesting man, saving me?	neither
ROSS: Oh, see from where I was sitting I uh. . .	neither
RACHEL: OK, Ross, listen to me, I am not yours to save.	neither
ROSS: But, you are.	neither
RACHEL: What?	neither
ROSS: Uh, uh, well you're, umm, you're my lobster.	neither
RACHEL: OK, you know what, are, are you being like, the blind date guy again?	neither
ROSS: No no, you're uh, you're my lobster. See um, lobsters, uhh, in the tank when, when they're old, uhh, they get with, uhh, they walk around holding the claws. In the tank, ya know, with, with the holding and. . . Uhh, Phoebs you wanna help me out with the, the whole lobster thing?	neither
PHOEBE: Do the claws again.	neither
ROSS: Rach. OK, forget, forget the lobsters OK. We're, let's talk, what about us?	neither
RACHEL: Ross, there is no us, OK.	neither
ROSS: No, but. . .	neither
RACHEL: No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get clobbered. I'm tired of being clobbered, ya know, it's, it's just not worth it.	neither
ROSS: Well, but, but. . .	neither
RACHEL: NO but Ross. We are never gonna happen, OK. Accept that.	neither
ROSS: E-except, except that what?	neither
RACHEL: No, no, ACC-cept that.	neither
ROSS: Oh.	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is there. Joey enters.]	0
CHANDLER: Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? [Joey doesn't respond] Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? [Throws a basketball to Joey. Joey doesn't move to catch it and the ball takes out a lamp] OK, that's my bad.	neither
JOEY: If you hated the bracelet so much, Chandler, you should have just said so.	neither
CHANDLER: Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?	neither
JOEY: Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?	neither
CHANDLER: OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to his room and shuts the door] Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . [notices the bracelet is missing from his wrist] wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there. [he starts searching the room, lifting up the couch cushions]	neither
JOEY: You know what the. . . [sees Chandler on his knees, holding the couch cushions]	neither
CHANDLER: I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . . [Joey returns to his room]	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Mr. and Mrs. Geller are watching tennis on TV, Monica is sitting at the table] MR. GELLER: You know, that Steffi Graf has quite a tush. I'm just saying, it's right there.	neither
ROSS: Hey guys. MRS. GELLER: Hi, darling. Where's my grandson, you didn't bring him?	neither
ROSS: No, he's at uh, Carol's and Susan's today. MR. GELLER: A woman in my office is a lesiban. I'm just saying. MRS. GELLER: Oh, Jack look, there's that house paint commercial that cracks you up. [the Gellers return to watching TV and Ross goes over to Monica]	neither
MONICA: Where have you been?	neither
ROSS: Emotional hell. So, did they lend you the money yet?	neither
MONICA: No, but that's probably 'cause I haven't asked them yet.	neither
ROSS: C'mon Monica, do it. Hey, you guys, um, Monica has some news.	neither
MONICA: Um, yeah, so uh, uhh, listen, I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before but umm, I, I'm no longer at my job, I, I had to leave it. MRS. GELLER: Why?	neither
MONICA: Because they made me. MRS. GELLER: You were fired? What're you gonna do? MR. GELLER: Judy, Judy, relax, this is our little harmonica we're talking about. We taught her well. Ten percent of your paycheck, where does it go? MONICA and ROSS: In the bank. MR. GELLER: There you go. So she dips into her savings, that's what it's there for. She's gonna be fine, and if you need a little extra, you know where to find it. [pulls a quarter from behind her ear]	neither
MONICA: Anything larger back there?	yes
[Scene: Central Perk. Chandler and Phoebe enter.]	0
CHANDLER: I can't believe it.	neither
PHOEBE: Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay. [sits down at the bar]	neither
RACHEL: [comes up from behind the bar and startles Chandler] Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found? [holds up Chandler's bracelet]	neither
PHOEBE: Hey now you have two. [Chandler looks annoyed] Oh, now you have two.	neither
CHANDLER: What am I gonna do, huh? [Joey walks in behind him]	neither
JOEY: Hey.	neither
CHANDLER: Hey.	neither
JOEY: How come you have two?	neither
CHANDLER: Well this one's for you.	neither
JOEY: Get out.	neither
CHANDLER: No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, [puts bracelet on Joey] it's about you and me and the fact that we're [reading bracelet] best buds.	neither
JOEY: Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.	yes
CHANDLER: That's what they'll call us.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Ross are standing in the kitchen. Ross is filling out a check]	0
ROSS: Here you go, you can pay me back whenever you like.	neither
MONICA: You have dinosaur checks?	neither
ROSS: Yeah, yeah I mean, you get your money and you learn a little something, what's wrong with that?	neither
MONICA: Nothin', nothin', hey you're a cheapasaurus. I'm kidding, I'm kidding, thank you, I'm very greatful.	neither
PHOEBE: [Standing in living room with Chandler and Joey. She pulls a huge bathing suit out of a box] Hey, Mon, what is this?	neither
MONICA: Oh, um, that was my bathing suit from high school. I was uh, a little bigger then.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained.	yes
JOEY: [pulls out a VCR tape] Hey Monica, what's on this video tape?	neither
MONICA: Hey, you got me, put it in.	neither
ROSS: [Rachel enters] Oh.	neither
RACHEL: Hi.	neither
ROSS: Hi. MRS. GELLER: Over here Jack. OK. I see, Rachel's coming up the path. Oh doesn't she look pretty. Jack, get this. [Rachel enters with a huge nose]	neither
RACHEL: Oh my God.	neither
JOEY: What is with your nose?	neither
RACHEL: They had to reduce it because of, of my deviated septum.	neither
CHANDLER: OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut.	yes
MONICA: You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.	neither
RACHEL: Oh.	neither
ROSS: You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.	neither
ALL: Oh yeah we do. C'mon. MRS. GELLER: Get a shot of Monica. Where's Monica.	neither
MONICA: Over here dad. [he pans over and we see a torso taking up the whole screen] MR, GELLER: Wait, how do you zoom out? [zooms out and we see an extremely overweight Monica eating a big sandwich] There she is.	neither
JOEY: Some girl ate Monica.	yes
MONICA: Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.	neither
CHANDLER: Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?	yes
MONICA: Oh, you look so great.	neither
RACHEL: Ahh, so do you, beautiful. [they hug]	neither
MONICA: Oops.	neither
RACHEL: What?	neither
MONICA: Shoot, I think I got mayonaise on you.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, that's OK, it's just the shoulder, it's not my dress. MR. GELLER: Everybody smile.	neither
MONICA: Oh, dad, turn it off. MR. GELLER: It is off.	neither
MONICA: Dad, it is not. What's with the red light? MR. GELLER: It's the off light. Right Ross? [pans over to see Ross with an afro and moustache]	neither
JOEY: Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.	neither
ROSS: You look pretty tonight.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, thanks. So, uh, what are you gonna do this summer?	neither
ROSS: Oh, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hang out, work on my music.	neither
RACHEL: [the shoulders of her dress keep falling off her shoulders] Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .	neither
ROSS: Uh, hold, let me see, I don't know. So what're you gonna do. . . [doorbell rings]	neither
RACHEL: Oh, the guys are here.	neither
ROSS: this summer?	neither
CHANDLER: Work on your music? [Ross is sitting on the stairs with a laptop keyboard playing 'Axel-F']	yes
RACHEL: Oh my God, look there's Roy Gublik.	neither
MONICA: Ya know, Roy saw Star Wars 317 times. His name was in the paper.	neither
RACHEL: Where's Chip, why isn't he here yet?	neither
ROY: He'll be here OK, take a chill pill. [Chip pins Monica's corsage on, Monica then turns and whispers to Rachel]	neither
MONICA: I just told Rachel that Roy touched my boob.	neither
RACHEL: I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.	neither
MONICA: If you're not going then I don't want to go either.	neither
ROY: Oh, I'm gonna kick Chip's ass. MRS. GELLER: [to Ross on the stairs] I have a wonderful idea. You should take Rachel to the prom.	neither
ROSS: Doubtful. MRS. GELLER: Jack, give me that. Talk to your son. MR. GELLER: Your mother's right. Take her, you can wear my tux.	neither
ROSS: Dad, she won't want to go with me. MR. GELLER: Of course she would, you're a college man.	neither
ROSS: I don't know. MR. GELLER: Well, c'mon. Don't ya want to find out?	neither
RACHEL: I can't believe I don't get to go to my own prom, this is so harsh.	neither
ROSS: OK. Hold my board. MR. GELLER: Atta boy. [Ross scrambles upstairs to change]	neither
ROSS: OK, you guys, ya know, I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.	neither
ALL: No, no, no.	neither
ROSS: OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright. MR. GELLER: C'mon kid, let's go. MRS. GELLER: Ahh, are you hadsome. MR. GELLER: Let's show 'em.	neither
ROSS: Uh, just a sec dad. [to himself] OK, be cool, just be cool. [walks down the stairs and grabs the flowers out of the vase on the endtable] OK dad. MR. GELLER: [going downstairs] Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining. . . oh no. [Chip has shown up and the four are leaving] RACHEL, MONICA, ROY, and CHIP: Bye. MRS. GELLER: Oh, dear. Jack, how do I turn this off? MR. GELLER: Press the button. MRS. GELLER: Which one? Which button, Jack. MR. GELLER: The button, the button.	neither
MONICA: I can't believe you did that.	neither
ROSS: Yeah, well. [Rachel, seeing what he did for her, gets up, walks across the room, and kisses Ross]	neither
PHOEBE: See, he's her lobster. CLOSING CREDITS	happy
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica is watching the rest of the tape] MRS. GELLER: Dance with him.	neither
MONICA: Mom, I'm hungry. MRS. GELLER: Dance with your father. MR. GELLER: I may not know any of your flash dances but I'm no slouch on the dance floor.	neither
MONICA: Alright. [the tape cuts to Monica's parents under the covers] MRS. GELLER: Oh, Jack. MR. GELLER: Oh, Judy. Oh, Judy.	neither
BOTH: Oh, ohhhhh. [Monica is visibly upset] END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (138,2) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/215rryk.htm" rectangle=" (71,2) (130, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,3) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/212toasb.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="20903" endspan -->	neither
The One Where Rachel and Ross... You Know Originally written by Transcribed by Joshua Hodge Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Joey and Chandler enter with Chandler covering his eyes and Joey leading him.]	0
JOEY: Alright, no peeking. No peeking, no peeking, no peeking.	neither
CHANDLER: Alright, alright, but you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes.	neither
JOEY: Alright open your eyes. [opens his eyes to see two black leather recliners and a big screen TV]	neither
CHANDLER: Sweet mother of all that is good and pure.	happy
JOEY: Huh? Days of our Lives picked up my option.	neither
CHANDLER: Congratulations!	happy
JOEY: I know.	happy
chandler: Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.	neither
JOEY: Uh-huh.	neither
CHANDLER: So uh, which one is mine?	neither
JOEY: Whichever one you want, man. Whichever one you want. [Chandler starts to sit in one of the chairs] Not that one.	neither
CHANDLER: [sits down] Ohh yes.	neither
JOEY: [sits down] Ohh yeah, that's the stuff.	neither
CHANDLER: [reaches for the footrest lever] Do we dare?	neither
JOEY: We dare.	neither
BOTH: [both extend the footrests] Aaahhhh. [both recline their chairs] AAAAHHHHHH. OPENING TITLES	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler and Joey are sitting in their recliners watching TV. Monica, Ross, and Phoebe are there.]	0
PHOEBE: I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.	neither
CHANDLER: Well they were chair-shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild.	yes
ROSS: This screen is amazing, I mean Dick Van Dyke is practically life-size.	neither
ALL: Woah!	happy
MONICA: Rose Marie really belongs on a smaller screen, doesn't she? [Rachel enters]	neither
RACHEL: Hi you guys.	neither
ALL: Hey.	neither
RACHEL: Hey you.	neither
ROSS: Hey you. [they stand together in front of the TV.] CHANDLER and JOEY: Woah, hey, yo. [Rachel and Ross move]	neither
RACHEL: So, uh, how was your day?	neither
ROSS: Oh you know, pretty much the usual, uh, sun shining, birds chirping.	neither
RACHEL: Really? Mine too.	neither
PHOEBE: Hey cool, mine too.	neither
ROSS: [beeper goes off] Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got to get to the museum. So um, I'll see you tonight.	neither
RACHEL: OK. [they go to kiss but everyone's watching so Ross just kisses her on the top of her head and leaves]	neither
ROSS: Bye guys.	neither
ALL: Bye.	neither
MONICA: [walks up to Rachel in front of the TV] Tonight? CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey, yo. [they move from out of in front of the TV]	neither
MONICA: What's tonight?	neither
RACHEL: It is our first official date. Our first date.	neither
MONICA: Uh, hello.	neither
RACHEL: Hi.	neither
MONICA: Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything for you?	neither
RACHEL: God, oh God Monica, I forgot. This is our first date.	neither
MONICA: Yes but my mom got me this job.	neither
PHOEBE: OK, I can be a waitress, I can be a waitress.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. See Phoebe, Phoebe.	neither
MONICA: Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual waitress. This can't be like your 'I can be a bear cub' thing.	neither
PHOEBE: I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a raft and rick'em, la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la.	neither
[Scene: Dr. Burke's apartment. Dr. Burke answers the door for Phoebe and Monica.]	0
PHOEBE: It's James Bond.	neither
MONICA: Sorry we're late. DR. BURKE: Ah, that's OK, come on in. Um, I'm sorry, is Monica Geller coming? I was told she was.	neither
MONICA: Dr. Burke, it, it's me. DR. BURKE: Monica? My God you used to be so. . . I mean you, you, you, you must have lost like. . . You look great.	neither
MONICA: Thank you. This is my friend Phoebe. She's gonna be helping me tonight. DR. BURKE: Hi Phoebe, nice to meet you. [Phoebe just giggles when they shake] So, how ya been?	neither
MONICA: I've been great, just great. How have you been? [tilting her head] DR. BURKE: Oh, well obviously you know Barbara and I split up, otherwise you wouldn't have done the head tilt.	neither
MONICA: The head tilt? DR. BURKE: Yeah, since the divorce, when anybody asks me how I am, it's always with a sympathetic head tilt. [demonstrating] 'How ya doin'? You OK?'	neither
MONICA: I'm sorry. DR. BURKE: No no, it, it's fine, believe me. I do it too. I always answer with the 'I'm OK' head bob. [demonstrates] 'I'm OK.' [tilts head] 'You sure?' [bobs head] 'Yeah, I'm fine.' Hey listen, I've got to set up the music. I got a new CD changer, of course the divorce only left me with 4 CD's to change.	neither
MONICA: [her and Phoebe tilt their heads] Oh, that's too bad. DR. BURKE: [bobbing his head] I'll survive.	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. They're still in their chairs watching TV. Chandler is ordering a pizza.]	0
CHANDLER: Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up.	neither
JOEY: What if we have to pee?	neither
CHANDLER: I'll cancel the sodas.	neither
[Scene: Dr. Burke's apartment. Monica and Dr. Burke are in the kitchen.]	0
MONICA: You've got to get back out there, it's your party. DR. BURKE: But they're so dull, they're all opthamologists.	yes
MONICA: You're an opthamologist. DR. BURKE: Only because my parents wanted me to be, I wanted to be a sherrif.	neither
PHOEBE: [entering the kitchen from the party] That's funny, no. Cadillac, cataract, I get it, no I get it, you stay out there. DR. BURKE: See.	neither
MONICA: Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, kabob emergency. DR. BURKE: OK. You better. Oh God, here we go. Hey wanna see 'em go nuts? Watch this. [grabbing some wine glasses and opening the door to the party] Who needs glasses? [everyone laughs]	yes
PHOEBE: You are so smitten.	neither
MONICA: I am not.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, you are so much the smitten kitten. You should ask him out.	neither
MONICA: Dr. Burke? I don't think so. I mean, like, he's a grown up.	neither
PHOEBE: So. You two are totally into each other.	neither
MONICA: Phoebe, he's a friend of my parents. He's like 20 years older than me.	neither
PHOEBE: OK, so what, you're just never gonna see him again?	neither
MONICA: Not never. I mean, I'm gonna see him tomorrow at my eye appointment.	neither
PHOEBE: Didn't you like, just get your eyes checked?	neither
MONICA: Well yeah, but, you know, uh, 27 is a dangerous eye age.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Ross and Rachel are returning from a movie.]	0
RACHEL: C'mon, I'm not saying it was a bad movie, I'm just saying, you know, it was a little. . . hard to follow.	neither
ROSS: I told you there was going to be sub-titles.	neither
RACHEL: I know, I just didn't want to wear my glasses on my first date. [They start kissing.]	neither
RACHEL: Monica.	neither
ROSS: It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't shout out my sister's name.	yes
RACHEL: Honey, I'm just checking.	neither
ROSS: Oh.	neither
RACHEL: Monica.	neither
ROSS: Mon.	neither
RACHEL: Monica.	neither
ROSS: Mon. [Since they're alone they start kissing and Ross's hands work their way down until they're on Rachel's butt. Rachel starts laughing.]	neither
ROSS: What, what.	neither
RACHEL: I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.	neither
ROSS: And that's, that's funny why?	neither
RACHEL: Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just nervous. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean, we're crossing that line, sort of a big thing.	neither
ROSS: I, I know it's big, I just didn't know it was uh, ha-ha big.	neither
RACHEL: OK. [start kissing again and Rachel starts lauging again]	neither
ROSS: OK, my hands were no where near your butt.	neither
RACHEL: I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there.	neither
ROSS: No see now, now I can't because uh, I'm feeling too self conscious.	neither
RACHEL: Just one cheek.	neither
ROSS: Nuh, uh, the moment's gone.	neither
RACHEL: Alright, just put your hands out and I'll back up into them.	neither
ROSS: That's romantic.	yes
RACHEL: C'mon touch it.	neither
ROSS: No.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, come on squeeze it.	neither
ROSS: No.	neither
RACHEL: Rub it.	neither
ROSS: No.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, come on, would you just grab my ass.	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. They are watching a Miracle Wax info-mercial.]	0
JOEY: Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Miracle Wax.	neither
CHANDLER: You got a Cheeto on your face man.[Joey removes the Cheeto and eats it] [Ross enters]	neither
JOEY: Hi. CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey.	neither
JOEY: What're you doin' here? Aren't you supposed to be out with Rachel?	neither
ROSS: That was 14 hours ago.	neither
CHANDLER: So how'd it go?	neither
ROSS: Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'?	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.	neither
JOEY: She laughed at you?	neither
ROSS: Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want it to be perfect and right and. . . why isn't that laser beam cutting through the paint?	neither
CHANDLER: It's the Miracle Wax.	neither
JOEY: It certainly is a miracle. [Rachel enters]	neither
RACHEL: Hi you guys. CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey.	neither
ROSS: Hey.	neither
RACHEL: Hi. Listen, I was um, thinkin' about. . .	neither
CHANDLER: Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice. [Rachel and Ross go out in the hall]	yes
RACHEL: OK, listen, I'm sorry about last night and I really want to make it up to you.	neither
ROSS: No, you, ya know there's no need to make it u. . . how?	neither
RACHEL: Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe going back to my place for um, dessert.	neither
ROSS: Humm, that sounds, I don't, perfect. [there's a loud bang at the door so Ross opens it back up to find a shoe has been thrown at it]	neither
RACHEL: What's this.	neither
CHANDLER: Could you get us a couple of beers?	neither
[Scene: Dr. Burke's office. Monica is there for her eye appointment.] DR. BURKE: I'm going to look into your eyes now.	neither
MONICA: Really. DR. BURKE: Yeah, that's my job. Alright, look up. . . look down, now open your eyes, now look down. That's right, look into the light. Now look at me. . . OK. Your eyes look good. Those are good eyes.	neither
MONICA: Good, they feel good, in my head. DR. BURKE: So, it's great to see ya.	neither
MONICA: You too. DR. BURKE: You too.	neither
MONICA: OK, um. Goodbye. DR. BURKE: Drops!	neither
MONICA: What? DR. BURKE: Drops. Here, they're free.	neither
MONICA: Thanks. So, I guess I better be going. DR. BURKE: Oh, OK, yeah. I'll see ya later.	neither
MONICA: Thanks again. [He kisses her on the cheek, she returns the kiss, then they embrace in a full on kiss]	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. They're still watching TV. Phoebe stands in front of the TV.]	0
PHOEBE: We have got to get you lazy boys out of these chairs. CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey, woah, hey, woah.	neither
PHOEBE: You know you should go outside and be with the three-dimensional people.	neither
JOEY: No, inside good, outside bad.	neither
PHOEBE: You guys are so pathetic, I, oh, OH, XANADU! OH.	neither
CHANDLER: She's one of us now. [Rachel and Ross enter]	neither
RACHEL: Hi you guys.	neither
ROSS: Hey. CHANDLER, JOEY, and PHOEBE: Hey.	neither
ROSS: Well we just wanted to stop by and uh, say goodnight. CHANDLER, JOEY, and PHOEBE: Goodnight.	neither
ROSS: Look at that, they won't even turn their heads.	neither
RACHEL: Alright you guys, I'm takin' off my shirt.	yes
JOEY: [uses a dentist mirror to see] Naa, she's lyin'. [Monica enters carrying food that's been delivered]	neither
MONICA: Stop sending food to our apartment.	neither
ROSS: Well, why're you all dressed up?	neither
PHOEBE: You're not the only one who has a date tonight.	neither
ROSS: What? You have a date? Who with?	neither
MONICA: No one.	neither
ROSS: C'mon, what's his name?	neither
MONICA: Nothing.	neither
ROSS: Come on, tell me.	neither
MONICA: Alright, but I'm very excited about this OK, so you gotta promise you won't get all big-brothery and judgmental.	neither
ROSS: Oh, I promise, what.	neither
MONICA: It's Richard Burke.	neither
ROSS: Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that bother me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.	yes
MONICA: Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.	neither
ROSS: Doctor Burke is sexy? RACHEL and PHOEBE: Oh God, absolutely.	neither
ROSS: [his beeper goes off] It's the museum again, can I, oh.	neither
RACHEL: Ya know, Dr. Burke kissed me once.	neither
MONICA: When?	neither
RACHEL: When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here. [points to the tip of her nose]	neither
PHOEBE: Oh you are so lucky.	neither
RACHEL: I know.	neither
ROSS: [on the phone] Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, homo-habilus was erect, australopithicus was never fully erect.	neither
CHANDLER: Well maybe he was nervous.	neither
[Scene: Museum of Natural History. Ross is fixing a display, Rachel is waiting patiently.]	0
ROSS: Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they've got him here wi, with clay pots. Why don't, why don't they just give him a microwave? I'm sorry, I'm sorry this is taking so long, ya know, I, I, it's just it's longer than I expected, we will have dinner.	yes
RACHEL: It's OK, it's fine.	neither
ROSS: KARL! [Ross leaves to find Karl. Rachel takes a peek under the loincloth of one of the display models.]	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Dr. Burke are sitting on the couch. He's showing her the pictures in his wallet.]	0
MONICA: Wow, is that Michelle? DR. BURKE: Yep.	neither
MONICA: I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional. DR. BURKE: Ya know, she's having another baby.	neither
MONICA: I thought she just had one. DR. BURKE: No no. Henry's almost two and he's talking and everyting. Here. You know, the other day he told me he liked me better than his other grandpa. Now in all fairness his other grandpa's a drunk but still. . .	neither
MONICA: Oh, you're a grandpa. DR. BURKE: Yeah. Are we nuts here?	neither
MONICA: I don't know, maybe. I mean I'm dating a man who's pool I once peed in. DR. BURKE: I didn't need to know that. I guess 21 years is a lot. I mean, hell, I'm a whole person who can drink older than you.	neither
MONICA: Yeah. DR. BURKE: So.	neither
MONICA: So maybe we should just. . . DR. BURKE: Yeah, yeah, maybe.	neither
MONICA: Wow, this really sucks. DR. BURKE: Yeah, it sure does. [they hug and it turns into a passionate kiss]	neither
MONICA: Well, we don't really have to decide anything right now, do we? DR. BURKE: No, no, there's no rush or anything. [knock at the door] DELIVERY GUY: Pizza delivery.	neither
MONICA: Oh, I'm gonna kill those guys.	neither
[Scene: Museum of Natural History. Ross enters the display where Rachel is waiting.]	0
ROSS: Rach.	neither
RACHEL: Oh.	neither
ROSS: I'm done.	neither
RACHEL: Yeah well, you know what, so is uh, Sorentino's.	neither
ROSS: Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find someplace else.	neither
RACHEL: No, you know what, it's late, everything's gonna be closed. Why don't we just do it another night?	neither
ROSS: No, no, we won't.	neither
RACHEL: We won't?	neither
ROSS: [grabs a fur pelt] C'mon.	neither
RACHEL: OK, that's dead right?	neither
[Scene: The museum planetarium. Ross and Rachel enter on stage.]	0
RACHEL: What is this? What are we doing?	neither
ROSS: Shh. Do you want cran-apple or cran-grape?	neither
RACHEL: Grape.	neither
ROSS: [spreads the pelt on the floor] OK, now, sit. OK. [he starts the music system]	neither
RACHEL: Oh, God. [The stereo system booms out 'Billions of years ago. . .'. Ross gets up and changes it to music.]	neither
ROSS: Sorry.	neither
RACHEL: Ah, so what are we looking at?	neither
ROSS: Well uh, you see that, that little cluster of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.	neither
RACHEL: Really?	neither
ROSS: I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.	neither
RACHEL: Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight. [they kiss]	neither
ROSS: You're not laughing.	neither
RACHEL: This time it's not so funny. [They kiss and start undressing. As Rachel tries to pull off Ross's tie she catches it in his mouth. Then they roll across the fur rug.]	neither
RACHEL: Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.	neither
ROSS: What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, thank God.	neither
[Scene: Museum of Natural History. The next morning Rachel and Ross are sleeping in the display under a fur.]	0
ROSS: Hi.	neither
RACHEL: Hi you. I can't believe I'm waking up next to you.	neither
ROSS: I know it is pretty unbelievaaaaah.	neither
RACHEL: What?	neither
ROSS: We're not alone. [A church youth group is outside the display watching them] CLOSING CREDITS	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. They are still in their chairs, watching Beavis and Butthead.] [they're laughing along with the show when an alarm goes off]	0
JOEY: Is that the fire alarm?	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah. [feels the floor] Oh it's not warm yet, we still have time.	neither
JOEY: Cool. END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (139,3) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/216jmo.htm" rectangle=" (70,2) (131, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,0) (59, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/214towpv.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="4039" endspan -->	neither
The One Where Joey Moves Out Originally written by Betsy Bornes Transcribed by Joshua Hodge. Minor additions and adjustments by Dan Silverstein.	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler and Joey are sitting at the bar, in their bathrobes, eating cereal]	0
JOEY: Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?	neither
CHANDLER: That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years. [Joey finishes his cereal, licks his spoon, and puts it back in the silverware drawer.]	neither
CHANDLER: Waaa-aaah.	neither
JOEY: What?	neither
CHANDLER: The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.	neither
JOEY: Yeah, so.	neither
CHANDLER: Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. [Joey gets a sheepish look] You used my toothbrush?	neither
JOEY: Well, that was only 'cause I used the red one to unclog the drain.	neither
CHANDLER: Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.	yes
JOEY: Hey, why can't we use the same toothbrush, but we can use the same soap?	neither
CHANDLER: Because soap is soap. It's self-cleaning.	neither
JOEY: Alright, well next time you take a shower, think about the last thing I wash and the first thing you wash. OPENING TITLES	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Phoebe are sitting at the table, Joey and Chandler enter.]	0
CHANDLER: Hey. MONICA and PHOEBE: Hey.	neither
JOEY: Hey.	neither
PHOEBE: Ooh, look at you fancy lads. What's the occasion?	neither
JOEY: Well, you know that guy that's on my show that's in a coma? He's havin' a brunch.	neither
PHOEBE: Ahh.	neither
RACHEL: [enters from her room] OK, ready when you are.	neither
PHOEBE: Okey-doke.	neither
MONICA: I can't believe you guys are actually getting tattoos.	neither
CHANDLER: Excuse me, you guys are getting tattoos?	neither
RACHEL: Yes, but you can not tell Ross 'cause I want to surprise him.	neither
JOEY: Wow, this is wild. What're you gonna get?	neither
PHOEBE: Um, I'm getting a lily for my Mom. 'Cause her name's Lily.	neither
CHANDLER: Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch?	yes
JOEY: So where you gettin' it?	neither
PHOEBE: I think on my shoulder. [Ross enters]	neither
ROSS: What? What's on your shoulder?	neither
PHOEBE: Um, a chip. A tattoo, I'm getting a tattoo.	neither
ROSS: A tattoo? Why, why would you want to do that? [to Rachel] Hi.	neither
RACHEL: Hi. Well hey, you don't - you don't think they're kind of cool?	neither
ROSS: No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it doesn't come out right Phoebe? Then it's like, I don't know, havin' a bad hair cut all the time. Why's everyone staring at me?	neither
MONICA: Ross, come sign this birthday card for dad. Rich is gonna be here any minute.	neither
CHANDLER: Oooh, Rich is goin' to the party too, huh?	neither
MONICA: Well, he's my parents' best friend, he has to be there.	neither
JOEY: Oh, is today the day you're gonna tell them about you two?	neither
MONICA: Yeah. It's my dad's birthday, I decided to give him a stroke.	yes
PHOEBE: No, I think you should tell them.	neither
MONICA: No, I don't even know how serious he is about me. Until I do, I'm not telling them anything.	neither
ROSS: I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'	neither
[Scene: The Gellers' house. Monica, Ross, and Richard are arriving to Mr. Gellers birthday party.]	0
ROSS: Alright, shall we?	neither
MONICA: OK, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know what? Ross, let's - let's switch places. You get in the middle. No un-, ya know, unless this looks like we're trying to cover something up.	neither
ROSS: Monica, Monica, you could come in straddling him, they still wouldn't believe it. [opens door] We're here. MRS. GELLER: Oh hi kids. Hi darling.	yes
MONICA: Happy birthday dad. MR. GELLER: Oh thank you.	neither
ROSS: Hi ma.	neither
RICHARD: Happy birthday. MRS. GELLER: Well, you kids thank Dr. Burke for the ride?	neither
ROSS: Uh, actually mom, I think Monica thanked him for the both of us.	neither
[Scene: The Gellers' kitchen. Monica, Mrs. Geller and one of Mrs. Geller's friends are preparing the cake.]	0
FRIEND: Well, you kids take the train in? MRS. GELLER: No, Richard Burke gave them a ride.	neither
FRIEND: Oh. Speaking of whom, I hear he's got some 20-year-old twinkie in the city. [Monica sprays whipped cream all over the place]	neither
MONICA: Finger cramp. Oh God, sorry. Here, let me get that mom. MRS. GELLER: Sooo, Richard's shopping in the junior section.	neither
MONICA: Are we still on that? MRS. GELLER: We just know she's got the IQ of a napkin.	neither
FRIEND: She's probably not even very pretty, just young enough so that everything is still pointing up. [Monica folds her arms over her breasts]	neither
[Scene: Joey's co-star's apartment. Chandler and Joey are at the brunch.]	0
JOEY: Can you believe this place?	neither
CHANDLER: I know, this is a great apartment.	neither
JOEY: Ah, I was just in the bathroom, and there's mirrors on both sides of you. So when you're in there it's like you're peein' with the Rockettes.	neither
CHANDLER: Wow, there's my fantasy come true. No, seriously. JOEY'S CO-STAR: Hey.	yes
JOEY: Hey! We were just sayin', great apartment man. JOEY'S CO-STAR: Thanks. You want it?	neither
JOEY: Huh? JOEY'S CO-STAR: Yeah, I'm movin' to a bigger place. You should definitely take this one.	neither
JOEY: Yeah, can you see me in a place like this? JOEY'S CO-STAR: Why not? You hate park views and high ceilings? C'mon I'll show you the kitchen.	neither
CHANDLER: [being left behind] Oh that's all right fellas, I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. OK.	neither
[Scene: Mr. Geller's party. Mr. Geller and a friend are questioning Richard while Ross observes.] MR. GELLER: C'mon, tell us.	neither
FRIEND: Yeah, is she really 20.	neither
RICHARD: I am not telling you guys anything. MR. GELLER: C'mon Rich, it's my birthday, let me live vicariously.	neither
ROSS: Dad, you really don't want to do that. MR. GELLER: Ahh, what's a little mid-life crisis between friends?	neither
RICHARD: Jack, would you let it go? MR. GELLER: Look, I know what you're going through. When I turned 50 I got the Porsche. You... you got your own little speedster.	neither
RICHARD: Guys. Seriously, it is not like that. MR. GELLER: Tell you what, maybe one of these weekends you can borrow the car and I cou. . .	neither
ROSS: Dad, I beg you not to finish that sentence. MR. GELLER: What? I'm kidding. You know I'd never let him touch the Porsche.	neither
[Scene: Tattoo parlor. Phoebe and Rachel are deciding on tattoos.]	0
PHOEBE: OK Rach, which, which lily? This lily or that lily?	neither
RACHEL: Well I. . .	neither
PHOEBE: I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spirit. Ooh, Foghorn Leghorn, ooh. TATTOO ARTIST: Alright, blonde girl, you're in room two, not so blonde girl, you're with me.	neither
PHOEBE: Here we go.	neither
RACHEL: [reluctantly] Uh-huh.	neither
PHOEBE: You're not going?	neither
RACHEL: Uh-huh.	neither
PHOEBE: What? Is it - is this 'cause of what Ross said?	neither
RACHEL: No. Well, yeah, maybe.	neither
PHOEBE: I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?	neither
RACHEL: What's 1922?	neither
PHOEBE: Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was suffrage, which is a good thing but is sounds horrible. Do you want to get this tattoo?	neither
RACHEL: Yes I do, it's just that Ross is. . .	neither
PHOEBE: OK, hey, HEY. Is your boyfriend the boss of you?	neither
RACHEL: No.	neither
PHOEBE: OK, who is the boss of you?!!	neither
RACHEL: You?	neither
PHOEBE: No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!!	neither
[Scene: Mr. Geller's birthday party. Monica is in the bathroom and Richard comes in.]	0
RICHARD: How ya doin'?	neither
MONICA: I'm a twinkie.	neither
RICHARD: Really? I'm a hero.	neither
MONICA: Oh, this is so hard.	neither
RICHARD: Yeah, I know. I hate it too. Look, maybe we should just tell them.	neither
MONICA: Maybe we should just tell your parents first.	neither
RICHARD: My parents are dead.	neither
MONICA: God, you are so lucky. I mean, I mean. . . you know what I mean.	yes
RICHARD: I know, I know. Just hang in there, OK. OK, I'll go out first, alright.	neither
MONICA: Alright.	neither
RICHARD: [walks out of the bathroom and runs into Mrs. Geller who is going to the bathroom] Judy, going to the bathroom, good for you. MRS. GELLER: Thank you Richard, I appreciate the support. [Monica jumps in the shower. Right after Mrs. Geller enters the bathroom, Mr. Geller peeks his head in.] MR. GELLER: Honey. Honey, have you seen my Harmon Kilerbrew bat? Bob doesn't believe I have one. MRS. GELLER: I have no idea. Did you know Richard has a twinkie in the city? MR. GELLER: I know. He's like a new man. It's like a scene from Cocoon. MRS. GELLER: I just never would have pictured Richard with a bimbo. MR. GELLER: Apparently, he told Johnny Shapiro that she's quite a girl. In fact, he told Johnny that he thinks he's falling in love with her. MRS. GELLER: Really. MR. GELLER: I tell you, I've never seen him this happy. MRS. GELLER: So Jack, you ever think about trading me in for a younger model? MR. GELLER: Of course not. With you it's like I've got two 25-year-olds. MRS. GELLER: [they start kissing] Oh Jack stop. MR. GELLER: C'mon, it's my birthday.	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler and Joey are returning from their brunch.]	0
JOEY: Can we drop this? I am not interested in the guy's apartment.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it.	neither
JOEY: Why would I want another apartment, huh? I've already got an apartment that I love.	neither
CHANDLER: Well it wouldn't kill you to say it once in a while.	neither
JOEY: Alright, you want the truth? I'm thinkin' about it.	neither
CHANDLER: What?	neither
JOEY: I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a roommate anymore.	neither
CHANDLER: Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.	yes
JOEY: What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever. We're not Bert and Ernie.	neither
CHANDLER: Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.	neither
JOEY: Well that's how I feel.	neither
CHANDLER: Well then maybe you should take it.	neither
JOEY: Well then maybe I will.	neither
CHANDLER: Fine with me.	neither
JOEY: Great. Then you'll be able to spend more quality time with your real friends, the spoons.	yes
[Scene: Mr. Geller's birthday party. Mr. and Mrs. Geller enter looking particularly refreshed. Monica follows looking rather pale.] MR. GELLER: Who's drink can I freshen? MRS. GELLER: Almost time for cake.	neither
ROSS: Mon, Mon, are you OK?	neither
MONICA: You remember that video I found of mom and dad?	neither
ROSS: Yeah.	neither
MONICA: Well, I just caught the live show.	neither
ROSS: Eww.	neither
[Scene: Mr. Geller's birthday party. Monica and Richard are alone in the kitchen.]	0
MONICA: Hey there.	neither
RICHARD: What?	neither
MONICA: Nothing, I just heard something nice about you.	neither
RICHARD: Humm, really? [Mrs. Geller and Ross both enter] MRS. GELLER: Richard. Richard. Your son isn't seeing anyone is he?	neither
RICHARD: Uhh, not that I know of. MRS. GELLER: Well, I was thinking, why doesn't he give Monica a call?	neither
RICHARD: That - that's an idea.	neither
MONICA: Well, actually, I'm already seeing someone. MRS. GELLER: Oh?	neither
RICHARD: Oh?	neither
ROSS: Ohh. MRS. GELLER: She never tells us anything. Ross, did you know Monica's seeing someone?	neither
ROSS: Mom, there are so many people in my life. Some of them are seeing people and some of them aren't. Is that crystal? MRS. GELLER: So, who's the mystery man?	neither
MONICA: Well, uh, he's a doctor. MRS. GELLER: A real doctor?	neither
MONICA: No, a doctor of meat. Of course he's a real doctor. And he's handsome, and he's sweet, and know you'd like him. [she puts her arm around Richard] MRS. GELLER: Well that's wonderful. . . I	yes
MONICA: Mom, it's OK.	neither
RICHARD: It is Judy. MRS. GELLER: Jack. Could you come in here for a moment? NOW! MR. GELLER: [enters with his bat] Found it.	neither
ROSS: I'll take that dad. [grabs the bat] MRS. GELLER: It seems your daughter and Richard are something of an item. MR. GELLER: That's impossible, he's got a twinkie in the city.	neither
MONICA: Dad, I'm the twinkie. MR. GELLER: You're the twinkie?	neither
RICHARD: She's not a twinkie.	neither
MONICA: Al-alright, l-look you guys, this is the best relationship I've been in. . . MRS. GELLER: Oh please, a relationship.	neither
MONICA: Yes, a relationship. For your information I am crazy about this man.	neither
RICHARD: Really?	neither
MONICA: Yes. MR. GELLER: Am I supposed to stand here and listen to this on my birthday?	neither
MONICA: Dad, dad this is a good thing for me. Ya know, and you even said yourself, you've never seen Richard happier. MR. GELLER: When did I say that?	neither
MONICA: Upstairs in the bathroom right before you felt up mom. [Everyone else enters and all start singing Happy Birthday.]	neither
[Scene: Tattoo parlor. Rachel is showing Phoebe her tattoo.]	0
PHOEBE: Oh that looks so good, oh I love it.	happy
RACHEL: I know, so do I. Oh Phoebe, I'm so glad you made me do this. OK, lemme se yours.	neither
PHOEBE: Ahh. OK, let's see yours again.	neither
RACHEL: Phoebe we just saw mine, let me see yours.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh OK. [pulls over her shirt and shows a bare shoulder] Oh no, oh it's gone, that's so weird, I don't know how-where it went.	neither
RACHEL: You didn't get it?	neither
PHOEBE: No.	neither
RACHEL: Why didn't you get it?	neither
PHOEBE: I'm sorry, I'm sorry.	neither
RACHEL: Phoebe, how would you do this to me? This was all your idea.	neither
PHOEBE: I know, I know, and I was gonna get it but then he came in with this needle and uh, di-, did you know they do this with needles?	neither
RACHEL: Really? You don't say, because mine was licked on by kittens.	yes
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is at the bar and Joey enters.]	0
JOEY: Hey.	neither
CHANDLER: Hey.	neither
JOEY: Hey listen, I'm sorry about what happened. . .	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah me too.	neither
JOEY: I know. Yeah.	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah. So do we need to hug here or. . .	neither
JOEY: No, we're alright.	neither
CHANDLER: So I got ya something. [tosses Joey a bag of plastic spoons]	neither
JOEY: Plastic spoons. Great.	neither
CHANDLER: Lick away my man.	neither
JOEY: These'll go great in my new place. You know, 'till I get real ones.	neither
CHANDLER: What?	neither
JOEY: Well, I can't use these forever. I mean, let's face it, they're no friend to the environment.	neither
CHANDLER: No-no, I mean what, what's this about your new place?	neither
JOEY: I'm movin' out like we talked about.	neither
CHANDLER: Well I didn't think that was serious. [grabs the spoons back] Ya know I thought that was just a fight.	neither
JOEY: Well, it was a fight. . . based on serious stuff, remember. About how I never lived alone or anything. I just think it would be good for me, ya know, help me to grow or. . . whatever.	neither
CHANDLER: Well, there you go.	neither
JOEY: Hey, are you cool with this. I mean, I don't want to leave you high and dry.	neither
CHANDLER: Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there.	neither
JOEY: Woah. Why do you get to keep the table?	neither
CHANDLER: I did pay for half of it.	neither
JOEY: Yeah. And uh, I paid for the other half.	neither
CHANDLER: Alright I'll tell you what, I'll play you for it.	neither
JOEY: Alright, you're on. I can take two minutes out of my day to kick your ass.	yes
CHANDLER: Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister.	yes
JOEY: Woah, woah, woah, woah. Which sister?	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Richard are setting the table.]	0
MONICA: So, are you sorry that I told them?	neither
RICHARD: No, it's been a long time since your dad and I went running. [Rachel and Phoebe enter]	neither
RACHEL: Oh.	neither
MONICA: Oh. Well did you get it? Let me see.	neither
RACHEL: Is Ross here?	neither
MONICA: No he went out to get pizza.	neither
RACHEL: Oh really, OK. [shows Monica her tattoo]	neither
MONICA: That's great.	neither
RICHARD: Very tasteful.	neither
PHOEBE: Wanna see mine, wanna see mine?	neither
MONICA: Yes.	neither
RACHEL: What? You didn't get one.	neither
PHOEBE: OK, well then what is this? [shows her bare shoulder]	neither
RICHARD: What're we looking at? That blue freckle?	neither
PHOEBE: OK, that's my tattoo.	neither
RACHEL: That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.	neither
PHOEBE: OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.	neither
RACHEL: Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo. [she bends over and bears her tattoo right when Ross returns]	neither
ROSS: You got a tattoo?	neither
RACHEL: Maybe. But just a little one. Phoebe got the whole world.	yes
ROSS: Lemme see. [looks]	neither
RACHEL: Well?	neither
ROSS: Well it's really. . . sexy. I wouldn't have thought it would be but. . . wow.	neither
RACHEL: Really?	neither
ROSS: Yeah, so uh, is it sore or can you do stuff?	neither
RACHEL: I guess.	neither
ROSS: Hey, save us some pizza. [they go off to Rachel's room]	neither
[Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler and Joey are playing foosball for the table.]	0
JOEY: Get out of the corner. Pass it, pass it.	neither
CHANDLER: Stop talkin' to your men. [Joey scores]	neither
JOEY: Yes! And the table is mine.	neither
CHANDLER: Congratulations. [Chandler leaves]	neither
[Scene: Chandler's apartment. The whole gang is helping Joey pack.]	0
JOEY: Hey, you guys are still gonna come visit me, right?	neither
CHANDLER: Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . . [Chandler gives him a look] except when we are here.	yes
PHOEBE: I know you're just moving uptown but I'm really gonna miss you.	neither
MONICA: I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.	neither
RACHEL: Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?	yes
JOEY: Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off the roof. Remember that, those junior high kids couldn't even get theirs accross the street.	neither
CHANDLER: [quietly] Yeah, I remember.	neither
ROSS: Hey, let's bring the rest of these down to the truck. [Everyone except Joey and Chandler leave.]	neither
CHANDLER: So, uhh, em, you want me to uh, give you a hand with the foosball table?	neither
JOEY: Naa, you keep it, you need the practice.	neither
CHANDLER: Thanks.	neither
JOEY: So, I guess this is it.	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so. [Joey walks to the door. He stops, turns around.]	neither
JOEY: Listen, uh, I don't know when I'm gonna see you again.	neither
CHANDLER: Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house.	neither
JOEY: Right, yeah. OK. Um, take care.	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah. [Joey walks out and after a few seconds comes back in and gives Chandler a big hug. He then leaves for good and Chandler is left alone in his apartment.] CLOSING CREDITS END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (140,2) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/217emi.htm" rectangle=" (71,1) (130, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,2) (57, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/215rryk.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="50759" endspan -->	neither
The One Where Eddie Moves In Originally written by Adam Chase. Transcribed by Joshua Hodge.	0
[Scene: Joey's new apartment. Everyone but Chandler is there. Joey has decorated the place with tons of tacky stuff.]	0
JOEY: Huh? So whaddya think? Casa de Joey. Huh? I decorated it myself.	neither
ROSS: Get out.	neither
ALL: No.	neither
MONICA: [looking at some kind of glass sculpture thing] Wow Joey, this is, uhh...	neither
JOEY: Art.	neither
MONICA: Art it is.	neither
ROSS: [looking at a glass table with a panther shaped base] Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is it a panther? There's no need to decide.	neither
RACHEL: [holding a pillow made out of 4 inch red fur] Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Muppet skin?	neither
PHOEBE: [looking at a water sculpture that looks like a window with rain running down it] Hey, excellent, excellent water-table thing.	neither
JOEY: Thanks, yeah. I love this but ya know what, it makes me wanna pee.	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah, well me too, yeah. I think that's the challenge.	neither
JOEY: Hey, how come, uhh, Chandler didn't come?	neither
ROSS: Well uh, it's cause he had a thing with, wi-, with the thing.	neither
JOEY: Right, I go-, I got it.	neither
PHOEBE: So why don't ya show us the rest of your casa?	neither
JOEY: Yeah. Uh, oh, OH, the best part, c'mon. [leads them to the bathroom, gestures towards toilet, everyone stares, uncomprehending] Heh?	neither
RACHEL: Hey, nice toilet.	neither
JOEY: No no no, behind it.	neither
ROSS: Wha-, you have a phone in here?	neither
JOEY: That's right, I have a phone in here.	neither
MONICA: Joey, promise me something.	neither
JOEY: Yeah.	neither
MONICA: Never call me from that phone. OPENING TITLES	yes
[Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Chandler, and Ross are seated. Rachel is walking over with coffee and a piece of pie.] [Someone bumps into Rachel and she drops the pie in a guy's hood that's seated at the table. She improvises by using the plate as a saucer for the coffee.]	0
RACHEL: OK, here we go. Honey, I'm sorry, they were all out of apple pie, someone just got the last piece. [Phoebe enters]	neither
PHOEBE: Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discovered.	neither
CHANDLER: Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.	yes
PHOEBE: Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.	neither
ALL: OK.	neither
PHOEBE: OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, offbeat sound and she wants to do a demo of Smelly Cat.	neither
ALL: [congradulating her and celebrating]	happy
PHOEBE: I told you not to do that yet. And, she wants to do a video.	neither
ALL: [celebrating more]	happy
PHOEBE: I'm not done yet, OK. God. OK, if that goes well, they may even want to make an album. [everyone is quiet, unsure if she's done or not]	neither
PHOEBE: I'm done now.	neither
ALL: [celebrating] [the guy with the pie in his hood get up to leave]	happy
RACHEL: Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the pie out of the man's hood.	neither
ROSS: Get the what?	neither
RACHEL: Pie in the hood, pie in the hood. Go. [Ross goes over behind the guy and grabs the pie out of his hood as he leaves]	neither
GUY: What're you doing?	neither
ROSS: I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants and I'll be back in the hospital by 7. [swats at an imaginary insect by his head, guy leaves promptly]	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica is outside the bathroom yelling at Ross who's in the bathroom.]	0
MONICA: Damnit Ross, get your butt out of the bathroom.	neither
ROSS: Calm down, I'm blow drying. [Rachel enters with laundry and starts folding]	neither
MONICA: Blow drying what, you have no hair.	neither
RACHEL: What's goin' on?	neither
MONICA: Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm sixteen all over again .	neither
RACHEL: Well, you're not sixteen, you're both adults now.	neither
MONICA: GET OUT YOU DUFUS!!	neither
RACHEL: Or ya know, he's rubber and you're glue.	neither
ROSS: [comes out] All yours.	neither
MONICA: I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.	neither
ROSS: [in a childish voice] I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.	yes
MONICA: Shut up.	neither
ROSS: [childish voice] Shut up.	neither
MONICA: Cut it out.	neither
ROSS: [childish voice] Mi-mi-mii. [Monica goes in the bathroom]	neither
RACHEL: [sarcastically] I've never wanted you more.	yes
[Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler is sitting on the bar wearing huge dog-slippers]	0
CHANDLER: So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? [squeezes the ear of one of the slippers and it barks] Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question... you're going crazy. [Joey's apartment, phone rings]	neither
JOEY: Hello.	neither
CHANDLER: Hey.	neither
JOEY: Hey!	neither
CHANDLER: Listen, I'm, I'm sorry I didn't make it over there today.	neither
JOEY: Oh, that's OK. You uh, you had a thing.	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah well, I hear the place looks great.	neither
JOEY: Ahh, forget about it, I'm havin' a ball. How's the apartment doin'	neither
CHANDLER: Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space... fest.	neither
JOEY: Oh, well great.	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah I just... wanted to call and say hey.	neither
JOEY: Well OK then. [oven timer goes off behind Chandler] Was that the oven timer?	neither
CHANDLER: That's right my friend. It's time for...	neither
BOTH: Baywatch!! [both turn on TV's]	neither
JOEY: Oh, can you believe they gave Stephanie skin cancer?	neither
CHANDLER: I still can't believe they promoted her to lieutenant.	neither
JOEY: Naa, you're just sayin' that 'cause you're in love with Yasmine Blepe.	neither
CHANDLER: Well, how could anyone not be in love with Yasmine Blepe?	neither
JOEY: Hey, hey, they're runnin'	neither
CHANDLER: See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind.	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Joey is sitting between Monica and Phoebe.]	0
MONICA: But I thought you wanted to live by yourself.	neither
JOEY: I did. I thought it'd be great. I figured I'd have like, time alone with my thoughts but, ya know, it turns out I don't have as many thoughts as you'd think.	neither
PHOEBE: Joey, why don't you talk to Chandler about moving back?	neither
JOEY: You really think he'd take me? I mean, we had a pretty good talk last night but, when I moved out, I hurt him bad.	neither
MONICA: I promise you, he would definitely want you back.	neither
[Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler is sitting between Rachel and Ross.]	0
ROSS: I'm telling you, there's no way he's moving back.	neither
CHANDLER: But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together.	neither
ROSS: Look, I know you don't want to hear this right now but, we've seen him in his new place, alright. And he's happy, he's, he's decorated.	neither
RACHEL: Look, Chandler, he has moved on, OK, you have to too.	neither
CHANDLER: But...	neither
ROSS: No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommmates anymore.	neither
[Scene: Recording studio. Phoebe is getting ready to record Smelly Cat.]	0
PRODUCER: OK Phoebe, you ready to try one?	neither
PHOEBE: OK. [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat [back up singers start singing smelly, smelly, smelly, smelly behind her] Oh woah, oh my God. I mean like, who was that?	yes
PRODUCER:They're your backup singers... beind you.	neither
PHOEBE: OH!! Oh I thought they were just watching me. You know, like at, like at an aquarium, ya know.	neither
PRODUCER: Alrighty. From the top.	neither
PHOEBE: OK. [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat [back up singers - smelly, smelly, smelly, really bad smelly cat, it's not your fault] OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.	neither
PRODUCER: Honey, uh we, we can talk about this. It's just that it's costing about a hundred dollars a minute to be in here.	yes
PHOEBE: Oh OK. So, um, the cat stinks but you love it, let's go.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Ross is on the phone.]	0
ROSS: No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a velociraptor, he would have eaten the Flintstones. Yeah, yeah. [Monica comes out of her room] Oh, were you takin' a nap?	neither
MONICA: I was.	neither
ROSS: Oh I-, Oh wait, Tony can you hang on? That's the other line. [gets the other line] Hello. Oh yeah she's here but uh, can she call you back? OK thanks. [hangs up the other line] Call Joanna. [back on with Tony] Hi.	neither
MONICA: Did she leave a number?	neither
ROSS: Did you see me write one down?	yes
MONICA: I don't have her number, butt-munch.	neither
ROSS: Well, she'll call back, don't be such a baby.	neither
MONICA: I'm not a baby, you're the baby.	neither
ROSS: Look, you wanna get off my back?	neither
MONICA: You wanna get out of my face?	neither
ROSS: Wait hold on Tony, hold on. [answers second line] Hello. Hi, yeah no, she's right here. Um hold on. [gets first line] Hi Tony, can I call you back? That's uh, that's my sister's boyfriend.	neither
MONICA: Give me that.	neither
ROSS: OK.	neither
MONICA: Hi sweetie, look before I forget, did I leave my diaphram at your place? Hi mom. [she starts throwing oranges at Ross who's looking pleased with himself]	neither
[Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler is sitting on the bar, bouncing a ball against the door. Joey walks in right as he throws the ball and catches it.]	0
JOEY: Hey.	neither
CHANDLER: So uhh, how's the palace?	neither
JOEY: You know it's funny you should mention that 'cause I was thinkin'... what's with the boxes?	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, uhh, actually I uh, have some news.	neither
EDDIE: Hey Chan, is that Joey guy gonna come by and pick up his moose hat or should I just toss it out?	neither
CHANDLER: Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.	neither
EDDIE: Nice to meet ya.	neither
JOEY: Likewise. Uh, I'll take that. [grabs moose hat] It's what I came for. So, this is new. Where'd you two meet?	neither
EDDIE: At the uh, supermarket, in the uh, ethnic food section. I helped him pick out a chorizo.	neither
JOEY: Wow.	neither
CHANDLER: Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room.	neither
JOEY: Oh, now it's a spare room?	neither
CHANDLER: Well yeah, in that it's not being used and I... have it to spare.	neither
JOEY: Well I uh, got what I came for. [puts on moose hat] I'll uh, I'll see you guys.	neither
CHANDLER: Hey Jo. When'd you start usin' mousse in your hair?	neither
EDDIE: [annoying laugh] Is this guy great or what?	yes
JOEY: Yeah, yeah he is. [leaves]	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica, Rachel, and Ross are there.]	0
MONICA: I can't believe he has a new roommate. Who is this guy?	neither
ROSS: Uh, Eddie something. He just met him.	neither
RACHEL: It'll never last, he's just a rebound roommate. [Pheobe enters]	neither
PHOEBE: Hey.	neither
ALL: Hey.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, check it out, oh check it out. It's Smelly Cat the video.	neither
ALL: [cheer]	happy
PHOEBE: Now OK, I haven't seen it yet so, if you don't like it, well, so what, none of you ever made a video. [puts the tape in] OK. [The video is a very dramatic episode with an obviously dubbed voice for Phoebe. Everyone watches in disbeliefe]	neither
PHOEBE: Oh my God.	?
ROSS: I know.	?
PHOEBE: I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.	neither
RACHEL: Pretty uhm, different huh?	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, I am sorry but I am incredibly talented.	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment. Joey stops by. Chandler is reading the paper and Eddie is fixing eggs.]	0
EDDIE: Hi Joey, what's goin' on man?	neither
JOEY: Eddie.	neither
CHANDLER: Morning.	neither
JOEY: Morning. I just uh, came by to pick up my mail. [looks for the mail on the table by the door, it's not there] Where's the mail?	neither
CHANDLER: Oh it's uh, over there on the table.	neither
JOEY: You don't keep it over here on this table any more?	neither
CHANDLER: No, Eddie likes to keep it over there.	neither
EDDIE: Alright, here you go my friend. Eggs a-la Eddie, huh?	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, ooh.	neither
JOEY: Huh.	neither
CHANDLER: What?	neither
JOEY: No I just uh, thought you liked your eggs with the bread with the hole in the middle, a-la me.	neither
CHANDLER: Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.	neither
EDDIE: Well you guys, I'm outta here. See ya pals.	neither
CHANDLER: See ya. [Eddie leaves]	neither
JOEY: So how you two gettin' along?	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, I couldn't be happier.	neither
JOEY: Great, well, I'm happy for ya. [picks up the orange juice carton and it's empty] Alright that's it. He just comes in here, Mr. Jonny Neweggs, with his, his, his movin' the mail and his, his 'see ya pals'. And now there's no juice. There's no juice f or the people who need the juice and want the juice. I need the juice.	yes
CHANDLER: There's another carton right over there.	neither
JOEY: Hey, this isn't about juice anymore, alright man.	neither
CHANDLER: Alright, so what's it about?	neither
JOEY: Eggs. Who's eggs do you like better, his or mine, huh?	neither
CHANDLER: Well I like both eggs equally.	neither
JOEY: Oh come on. Nobody likes two different kinds of eggs equally. You like one better than the other and I wanna know which.	neither
CHANDLER: Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs?	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Ross and Monica are fighting over the remote.]	0
MONICA: I wanna watch Entertainment Tonight.	neither
ROSS: Tough noogies, we're watching Predators of the Serengetti.	neither
RACHEL: Would you guys stop.	neither
MONICA: It's my TV.	neither
ROSS: Wha-, oh, quit it.	neither
MONICA: Bite me.	neither
RACHEL: Oh my God.	neither
ROSS: Well, Monica keeps changin' the channel.	neither
MONICA: Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.	yes
RACHEL: Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller dimension thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot bubble bath because you kids are driving me crazy. [goes in the bathroom]	yes
MONICA: OK, what're we gonna do about this?	neither
ROSS: Well, I guess we could tape Entertainment Tonight.	neither
MONICA: Not that, this, US. Oh my God, Ross, you-re, you're, it's jus-, you-, ever sin- you been here.	neither
ROSS: Ow, ow, OK. Alright, alright, Mon, Mon, you've gone ultrasonic again, alright.	neither
MONICA: I just can't stand you being here all the time.	neither
ROSS: Why, why, why can't you stand me being here? I don't, I, we're just, ya know, we're just havin' fun.	neither
MONICA: Fun? Fun, you think this is fun?	neither
ROSS: Yeah, c'mon I mean I though, you know, I thought we're just foolin' around. Like when, uh, when we were kids.	neither
MONICA: Ross, I hated you when we were kids.	neither
ROSS: You hated me when we were kids?	neither
MONICA: Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but basically, yeah, I hated your guts.	neither
ROSS: Why did you hate me?	neither
MONICA: Because, you were mean to me and you, you teased me and you always, always got your way.	neither
ROSS: And that wasn't fun for you?	yes
MONICA: Duh-huh!	neither
ROSS: I can't believe you hated me.	neither
MONICA: Now I love you. And not just 'cause I have to.	neither
ROSS: Really?	neither
MONICA: Yeah. You're just gonna have to stop pissing me off.	neither
ROSS: I can do that.	neither
MONICA: Then I won't have to kill you.	yes
ROSS: So you wanna watch uh, Entertainment Tonight?	neither
MONICA: Yeah, thanks. You know what?	neither
ROSS: What?	neither
MONICA: If you really want to watch that Serengetti thing, you can.	neither
ROSS: Ohh... OK. [changes the channel]	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Ross, Rachel, and Monica are hanging out.] [Phoebe enters]	0
PHOEBE: Hey.	neither
ALL: Hey.	neither
PHOEBE: Listen. You are not going to believe this but, that is not me singing on the video.	neither
ALL: No.	neither
PHOEBE: Yes.	neither
RACHEL: Well, how did you find out?	neither
PHOEBE: Well, OK, the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign, saying that it's OK for someone else to sing for me. That was my first clue.	neither
MONICA: So what're you gonna do?	neither
PHOEBE: Well, I can't work with people who would do this.	neither
MONICA: Sure.	neither
PHOEBE: I mean this poor woman.	neither
ROSS: What woman?	neither
PHOEBE: The voice woman. Ya know, I mean, she has a great voice but she doesn't have a video.	neither
RACHEL: OK, Phoebs. But what about you?	neither
PHOEBE: Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, according to the producer people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those an imals at the pound who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like stinky and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's smelly cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels.	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment.]	0
CHANDLER: Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball?	neither
EDDIE: No thanks man, I'm not uh, I'm not really into sports.	neither
CHANDLER: [stares in disbeliefe] Yeah o-, OK, alright. [oven timer goes off] Doesn't matter, time for Baywatch.	neither
EDDIE: Y-, y-, you like that show?	neither
CHANDLER: You don't like that show?	neither
EDDIE: Wha-, n-, no. I mean it's just a bunch of pretty people runnin' around on the beach, ya know.	neither
CHANDLER: Well that's the brilliance of it. The pretty people... and the running.	neither
EDDIE: I tell ya, I-, I'm gonna go read in my room for a little while.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh o-, OK man. [Joey's place. He's watching Baywatch, lauging. He goes to say something to Chandler in the other chair but no one's there. He goes to call Chandler but decides not to.] [Chandler's. He's playing foosball by himself.] [Joey's. Playing ping pong by himself.] [All by myself is playing. Chandler is sitting in front of a window while it's raining outside. We see Joey through a rainy window. The camera zooms out to show it's just his tabletop water sculpture.] CLOSING CREDITS	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe is performing Smelly Cat.]	0
PHOEBE: [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Everybody.	neither
ALL: Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, it's not your fault.	neither
PHOEBE: Monica.	neither
MONICA: [sings] They won't take you to the vet.	neither
PHOEBE: Chandler.	neither
CHANDLER: [reluctantly sings] You're obviously not their favorite pet.	neither
MONICA: Joey.	neither
JOEY: [sings] It may not be a bed of roses.	neither
PHOEBE: Rachel.	neither
RACHEL: [sings] And you're no friend to those with noses.	neither
PHOEBE: Uh, Ross, those are the only lines we have, sorry. OK, you guys, once more. END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (138,2) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/218drd.htm" rectangle=" (70,3) (129, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,1) (57, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/216jmo.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="48752" endspan -->	neither
The One Where Dr. Remore Dies Originally written by ???. Transcribed by Josh Hodge.	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Everyone except Ross is there watching Days of Our Lives.]	0
AMBER: Oh Drake. DR. REMORE: I'm sorry Amber. It's just like Brad to have to have the last word. [Ross enters]	neither
ROSS: I'm sorry I'm late, what happened?	neither
MONICA: We, we just wanna see the end.	neither
AMBER: I want you Drake. DR. REMORE: I know you do but you and I can never be together that way.	neither
AMBER: What? DR. REMORE: There's something I never told you Amber. I'm actually your half- brother. [Everyone gasps. The show ends.]	neither
RACHEL: So what happens next?	neither
JOEY: Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to meet our other half-brother, Ramone. And that's where I find the world's biggest emerald. It's really big but it's cursed.	neither
CHANDLER: God that is good TV. OPENING TITLES	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment. Chandler is at the foosball table trying to get Phoebe to play a game with him.]	0
CHANDLER: Phoebs, play with meeee.	neither
PHOEBE: No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.	neither
CHANDLER: Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.	neither
PHOEBE: Why don't you play with your roommate?	neither
CHANDLER: Ah he's a, he's not a big fan of foosball.	neither
PHOEBE: Uh oh, ooh, are we not getting along with the new boy?	neither
CHANDLER: No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.	neither
PHOEBE: Maybe that's because you haven't taken the time to get to know him. Let's remedy that, shall we?	neither
CHANDLER: We don't need to remedy that.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh yeah, it'll be fun. [throws a tennis ball at Eddie's bedroom door]	neither
EDDIE: What was that?	neither
PHOEBE: Hi, um, I just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some beers and got to know each other.	neither
EDDIE: Yeah alright, that sounds alright.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a train. Have fun bye.	neither
CHANDLER: That was so lame.	neither
PHOEBE: I know, yeah. Ok, talk to him. [leaves]	neither
CHANDLER: So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment. Chandler and Eddie are talking.]	0
EDDIE: That's good, that's good. So, so, so who broke up with who?	neither
CHANDLER: What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.	neither
EDDIE: That's good man, when everybody knows that the uh, the capital of Cambodia is uh...	neither
CHANDLER: Well it's not Sean Penn.	neither
EDDIE: Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating breakfast, right, and I made all these pancakes, there was like 50 pancakes right. And all of the sudden she turns to me, alright, and she says, 'Eddie.' I say, 'yeah,' she says, 'Eddie, I don't want to see you anymore.' And it was literally like she had reached into my chest, ripped out my heart, and smeared it all over my life, ya know. And now there's like this incredible abyss, ya know, and I'm falling and I keep falling and I don't think I'm ever gonna stop. [finishes laughing] That uh, wasn't such a funny story, was it?	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe is singing. Monica, Richard, Ross, and Rachel are listening.]	0
PHOEBE: And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.	neither
RICHARD: Phoebe's got another job, right?	neither
RACHEL: Great set tonight Phoebs.	neither
PHOEBE: I know.	neither
ROSS: Well, we should probably get going.	neither
RICHARD: Um, we should go too, I got patients at 8 in the moring.	neither
MONICA: Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight we'd stay at my place.	neither
RICHARD: I don't know, I don't have my jammies.	neither
MONICA: Well, maybe you don't need them.	neither
ROSS: My baby sister, ladies and gentlemen.	yes
MONICA: Shut up, I'm happy.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.	neither
RICHARD: Oh, thank you Phoebs. That's very sweet.	happy
PHOEBE: Ok.	neither
RICHARD: Hear that? She likes me best, and apparently there've been a lot.	neither
MONICA: Not a lot, Phoebe's kidding, Phoebe's crazy.	neither
RACHEL: Phoebe's dead.	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment. Chandler is there. There's a knock at the door. He answers it to see a young woman holding a fishtank.]	0
TILLY: Hi.	neither
CHANDLER: Hi.	neither
TILLY: I'm looking for Eddie Minowick.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?	neither
TILLY: Thanks.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, oh, c'mon in.	neither
TILLY: I'm Tilly.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh.	neither
TILLY: I gather by that oh that he told you about me.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.	yes
TILLY: He's kind of intense huh?	neither
CHANDLER: Yes. Hey, can I ask you, is Eddie a little...	neither
EDDIE: [walks around corner] A little what?	neither
CHANDLER: Bit country? C'mon in here you roomie.	neither
EDDIE: Hello Tilly.	neither
TILLY: Eddie, I just came by to drop off your tank.	neither
EDDIE: That's very thoughtful of you. It's very thougtful.	neither
TILLY: Well, ok then. I'm gonna go. Bye.	neither
EDDIE: Bye-bye.	neither
CHANDLER: Bye. [Tilly leaves]	neither
CHANDLER: So, we gettin' a fish?	neither
EDDIE: You had sex with her didn't you?	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Joey enters with several magazines and runs up to Phoebe.]	0
JOEY: Phoebs, check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite digests.	neither
JOEY: Page 42, page 42, page 42.	neither
PHOEBE: Ok, ok, ok. Ooh, hey 'new doc on the block, Days of Our Lives' Joey Tribbiani.' Ooh, cool picture.	neither
JOEY: Ooh, I look good.	happy
PHOEBE: Hey is this true, that you write a lot of your own lines?	neither
JOEY: Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'	neither
PHOEBE: Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?	neither
JOEY: Huh? Never really thought about the writers. The scripts just kinda come to my house. But you know what? This makes me look good, which makes the show look good, which makes the writers look good so how could they be mad about that?	neither
[Scene: At a writer's desk. The writer is working on a script for Days of Our Lives.]	0
WRITER: Makes up most of his lines. Son-of-a-. Yeah, well, write this jerkweed.	yes
[Scene: Joey's apartment. The next script is being delivered.]	0
JOEY: I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft? DELIVERY GUY: Uhh, I don't know, I just bring the scripts.	neither
JOEY: They can't kill me, I'm Francesca's long lost son. DELIVERY GUY: Right. Could you sign this?	neither
JOEY: No. No way, I'm not signing that. DELIVERY GUY: I don't think that's gonna affect the plot of the show.	neither
JOEY: How can they do this to me? DELIVERY GUY: Er, uh, I'm just gonna go. Sorry.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica, Richard, Ross, and Rachel are returning.]	0
MONICA: Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small percentage.	neither
RACHEL: Hey, it's not that big a deal, I was just curious.	neither
ROSS: G'night.	neither
RICHARD: Night Richard. Good luck Mon.	neither
MONICA: Alright, before I tell you, uh, why don't you tell me how many women you've been with.	neither
RICHARD: Two.	neither
MONICA: Two? TWO? How is that possible? I mean, have you seen you?	neither
RICHARD: Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweetheart, now you, that's two.	neither
MONICA: Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth. [goes in the bathroom]	neither
RICHARD: Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual number, just a ballpark.	neither
MONICA: Ok, it is definitely less than a ballpark. [Rachel's bedroom]	neither
RACHEL: Wow, I am so glad I'm not Monica right now.	yes
ROSS: Tell me about it. So what, what's your magic number?	neither
RACHEL: Uhhhooo.	neither
ROSS: C'mon, you know everyone I've been with. All, both of them.	neither
RACHEL: Well, there's you.	neither
ROSS: Better not be doin' these in order.	yes
RACHEL: Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.	neither
ROSS: Oh yes, the weenie from Torrini.	yes
RACHEL: Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him.	neither
ROSS: Really?	neither
RACHEL: Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningless animal sex. Ok, ya know, that sounded soooo much better in my head.	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment.]	0
CHANDLER: Eddie, I didn't sleep with your ex-girlfriend.	neither
EDDIE: That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.	yes
CHANDLER: This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.	neither
EDDIE: Where's Buddy?	neither
CHANDLER: Buddy?	neither
EDDIE: My fish, Buddy.	neither
CHANDLER: There was no fish when she dropped it off.	neither
EDDIE: Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my inteligenct by lying about it and then you kill my fish, my Buddy?	neither
CHANDLER: Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie...[puts his hand on Eddie's shoulder] Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon? [picks up the fruit an tosses it to Eddie, it hits Eddie in the chest and falls]	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Richard are in Monica's bedroom.]	0
RICHARD: That's it? That's the giant number you were afraid to tell me?	neither
MONICA: Well yeah.	neither
RICHARD: Well, that's not bad at all. I mean, you had me thinkin it was like a fleet.	neither
MONICA: You really ok with it?	neither
RICHARD: Oh honey, I'm fine.	neither
MONICA: Oh, yay. Ok about that two.	neither
RICHARD: What? Alright, what about my two?	neither
MONICA: Well, it just seems like a really small number.	neither
RICHARD: Right, and...	neither
MONICA: And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?	neither
RICHARD: Honey, you are not an oat. I, I mean I don't know, I, I guess I'm just not an oat guy. I've only slept with women I've been in love with.	neither
MONICA: But you've only slept with two people.	neither
RICHARD: Right.	neither
MONICA: Wow. Oh wow. You know I love you too, right.	neither
RICHARD: Now I do. [they kiss and fall to the bed] [Ross and Rachel are in Rachel's bedroom]	neither
RACHEL: Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.	neither
ROSS: Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.	yes
RACHEL: God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...	neither
ROSS: Animal sex, animal sex? So what're you saying, I mean, you're saying that like, there's nothing between us animal at all. I mean there's not even like, uhm, a little animal, not even, not even like, like chipmunk sex?	yes
RACHEL: Ok, Ross, try to hear me. Ok, I, hey, I'm not gonna lie to you. Ok, it was good with Paolo.	neither
ROSS: Knock-knock.	yes
RACHEL: But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.	neither
ROSS: Until now. [jumps on Rachel on the bed] [later in the bathroom Monica is looking in the drawer, Rachel runs up]	neither
RACHEL: Oh, hi.	neither
MONICA: Hi. Richard just told me he loves me.	neither
RACHEL: Oh my God, honey that's great.	happy
MONICA: I know. I just can't find...	neither
RACHEL: Oh they're in the top drawer. Hurry.	neither
MONICA: You need one too?	neither
RACHEL: Ooooh yeah. [they pull out the box of condoms but there's only one left]	neither
MONICA: There's only one.	neither
RICHARD: Monica.	neither
MONICA: Hi. Uh, we'll be right there, we're just trying to decide something. [shuts the bathroom door]	neither
ROSS: [comes out of the bedroom] Rachel. [growls then sees Richard standing there] Hey.	neither
RICHARD: Hey. They're just trying to decide somehting.	neither
ROSS: Good, good, good. So, is uh, was your moustache, did, used to be different?	neither
RICHARD: No.	neither
ROSS: Oh. How do you uh, ya know, keep it so neat?	neither
RICHARD: I have a little comb.	neither
ROSS: Oh. And what do you call that?	neither
RICHARD: A moustache comb.	neither
RACHEL: Ok, I, I will do your laundry for one month.	neither
MONICA: No.	neither
RACHEL: Ok, ok, ok, I will, I will, I, hey, I will clean the apartment for two months.	neither
MONICA: Alright, I tell you what, I'll give this to you now if you can tell me where we keep the dustpan.	yes
RACHEL: Agghhh.	neither
ROSS: So were you in Nam?	neither
RACHEL: Rock-paper-scissors?	neither
MONICA: Yeah. RACHEL and MONICA: One two three. [Rachel picks rock, Monica picks scissors]	neither
RACHEL: Yeesss.	neither
MONICA: Fine, go have sex.	neither
RICHARD: No. You have got it completely wrong. John Savage was deerhunter, no legs, John Voit was coming home, couldn't feel his legs.	neither
ROSS: No, no way. You've got it totally the other way around my friend. John Voit was...	neither
RACHEL: Honey.	neither
ROSS: What, what oh....[Ross and Rachel go into her room]	neither
RICHARD: Shall we?	neither
MONICA: It's not gonna happen. They're doing it tonight, we can do it tomorrow.	neither
RICHARD: Uh, in the future, if I could see the schedule beforehand...	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. All but Joey are present.]	0
CHANDLER: So, when I woke up this morning, he'd stolen all the insoles out of my shoes.	neither
MONICA: Why?	neither
CHANDLER: Because he thinks I slept with his ex-girlfriend and killed his fish.	neither
PHOEBE: Why would you kill his fish?	neither
CHANDLER: Because sometimes, Phoebe after you sleep with someone, you have to kill the fish.	yes
RACHEL: Chandler honey, I'm sorry. Ok, can we watch Joey's show now please? [they turn on the TV]	neither
ROSS: Yeah.	neither
MONICA: Wait, he's not here yet.	neither
RACHEL: So, he's on the show, he knows what happens.	neither
ROSS: Yeah.	neither
MONICA: Alright.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh, I'm fine about my problem now, by the way.	neither
RACHEL: Oh good. DR. REMORE: Amber, I want you to know that I'll always be there for you, as a friend and as your brother.	neither
AMBER: Oh Drake. DR HORTON: Hard day huh? First the medical award, this. DR. REMORE: Some guys are just lucky I guess.	neither
INTERCOM: Dr. Remore, report to first floor emergency, stat. DR. REMORE: Well then, uh, I uhh, guess that's me. Anyone else need to go on the elevator? Dr. Horton, Dr. Wong? DR. HORTON: No, no, they only said you. DR. REMORE: Oh, ok. Alright.	neither
AMGER: I love you Drake. DR. REMORE: Yeah, whatever. Oh no.	neither
AMBER: Drake, look out. DR. REMORE: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.	neither
MONICA: Did they just kill off Joey?	neither
ROSS: No. [sound of Dr. Remore's body hitting the bottom of the shaft] Now maybe.	neither
[Scene: Joey's apartment. Everyone is outside knocking.]	0
ROSS: C'mon.	neither
RACHEL: Joey.	neither
ROSS: Open up. We want to talk to you.	neither
JOEY: I don't feel like talkin.	neither
RACHEL: Oh c'mon Joey, we care about you.	neither
CHANDLER: We're worried about you.	neither
MONICA: And some of us really have to pee. [Joey opens the door]	neither
MONICA: Sorry Joey [runs to the bathroom]	neither
JOEY: Hey.	neither
PHOEBE: Listen, sorry about your death, that really sucks.	neither
CHANDLER: We came over as soon as we saw.	neither
ROSS: How could you not tell us?	neither
JOEY: I don't know, I was kinda hopin' no one would ever find out.	neither
RACHEL: Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.	neither
JOEY: Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of irony or somethin.	neither
PHOEBE: But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.	neither
JOEY: Phoebe, this was the greatest thing that ever happened to me.	neither
PHOEBE: Yes, I was going to incorporate that. Oh good, here's Monica, she'll have something nice to say.	neither
MONICA: Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.	neither
CHANDLER: It's gonna be ok. You know that?	neither
JOEY: No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.	neither
CHANDLER: I'm sorry man.	neither
RACHEL: Yeah, Joey honey, I don't know if this'll mean anything to you but you'll always be pre-approved with us.	neither
JOEY: No, that means nothin to me.	?
[Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment.Chandler walks in to see Eddie holding a tray of cookies.]	0
CHANDLER: Uhhhaahh.	neither
EDDIE: Pecan sandy, just made em.	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah alright. What're these, raisins?	neither
EDDIE: Uh, sure, why not.	neither
CHANDLER: [throws it across the room while Eddie's not looking] Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?	neither
EDDIE: I got a little surprise, look. There's a new fishie. I named him uh, Chandler, you know, after, after you.	neither
CHANDLER: [looks in the fish bowl to see a fish cracker] Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a goldfish cracker.	neither
EDDIE: What's you point man?	neither
CHANDLER: Ok, good night. [walks towards his room] You big freak of nature. CLOSING CREDITS	yes
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment.] [Ross comes out of Rachel's bedroom in her bathrobe and heads for the bathroom. On his way back, Richard comes out of Monica's bedroom in her bathrobe.]	0
ROSS: Hey.	neither
RICHARD: Hey.	neither
ROSS: Hey.	neither
RICHARD: Ohh, brisk tonight.	neither
ROSS: Oh man.	neither
RICHARD: Let's never speak of this.	neither
ROSS: You got it. END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (138,1) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/219ewg.htm" rectangle=" (71,2) (131, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,0) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/217emi.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="48434" endspan -->	neither
The One Where Eddie Won't Go Originally written by . Transcribed by Joshua Hodge.	0
[Scene: Chandler's bedroom. Chandler is sleeping and Eddie is there watching him.] [Chandler wakes up]	0
CHANDLER: Hey Eddie. Daahh!! What're you doin' here?	neither
EDDIE: Nothin' roomie, just watchin' you sleep.	neither
CHANDLER: Why?	neither
EDDIE: Makes me feel um, peaceful, heh-heh, please.	neither
CHANDLER: I can't sleep now.	neither
EDDIE: You want me to sing?	neither
CHANDLER: No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now.	neither
EDDIE: Woah, woah, woah, what're, what're you talkin' about man.	neither
CHANDLER: Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.	yes
EDDIE: No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean, what about all the other nights when you don't see me, huh? What about last night when you went and got a drink of water and I was nice enough to hide behind the door, what's that about, huh?	neither
CHANDLER: I didn't realize that.	neither
EDDIE: Yeah.	neither
CHANDLER: GET OUT NOW!!	neither
EDDIE: Ok, you really want me out?	neither
CHANDLER: Yes please.	0
EDDIE: Ok, then I want to hear you say it, I, I want to hear you say you want me out.	neither
CHANDLER: I want you out.	neither
EDDIE: No no no, I wanna hear it from your lips.	neither
CHANDLER: Where did you hear it from before?	yes
EDDIE: Oh, right, all right, you know what pallie I understand, consider me gone, you know what, I'll be out by the time you get home from work tomorrow. [Eddie leaves the room and Chandler mouths &quot;Thank you&quot; to himself]	neither
EDDIE: I heard that. OPENING TITLES	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Rachel are there, Joey enters wearing an old looking hat.]	0
JOEY: Hey.	neither
MONICA: Hey.	neither
RACHEL: Hey. Whe-ell, look at you, finally got that time machine workin' huh?	neither
JOEY: Seriously, you like it? This guy was sellin' them on 8th avenue and I looked at 'em and I though, you know what I don't have?	neither
MONICA: A mirror?	yes
JOEY: Fine, make fun. I think it's jaunty.	neither
MONICA: Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an awfully good mood.	yes
JOEY: Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives. Heh? I mean that's gotta have some kind of cache.	neither
MONICA: Cache? Jaunty?	neither
JOEY: Chandler gave me word of the day toilet paper. I'm gonna get some coffee. [Phoebe enters]	yes
PHOEBE: Hey.	neither
MONICA: Hey.	neither
RACHEL: Hey.	neither
PHOEBE: Oooh, so so so, did you read the book?	neither
MONICA: Oh my God, it was incredible.	neither
PHOEBE: Didn't it like totally speak to you?	neither
RACHEL: Woah, woah, woah, what book is this?	neither
MONICA: Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to become more empowered.	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who takes out wind? Men, they just take it.	neither
RACHEL: Men just take out wind?	neither
PHOEBE: Ya-huh, all the time, cause they are the lightning bearers.	neither
RACHEL: Wow.	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah.	neither
RACHEL: Well that sounds kinda cool, kinda like The Hobbit.	neither
MONICA: It is nothing like the Hobbit. It's like reading about every relationship I've ever had, except for Richard.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh yes, no, Richard would never steal your wind.	neither
MONICA: No.	neither
PHOEBE: No, 'cause he's yummy.	neither
MONICA: Yes. But all the other ones.	neither
PHOEBE: Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of inner power, but God forbid we should take a sip.	neither
JOEY: Anybody want a croan.	?
PHOEBE: Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of my fallic shaped man cakes?'	?
[Scene: Estelle Leonard Talent Agency.Joey is there.]	0
ESTELLE: Don't worry about it already. Things happen.	neither
JOEY: So, you're not mad at me for getting fired and everything?	neither
ESTELLE: Joey, look at me, look at me. Do I have lipstick on my teeth?	neither
JOEY: No, can we get back to me?	neither
ESTELLE: Look honey, people get fired left and right in this business. I already got you an audition for Another World.	neither
JOEY: Alright. Cab driver number two?	neither
ESTELLE: You're welcome.	neither
JOEY: But I was Dr. Drake Remoray. How can I go from bein' a neurosurgeon to drivin' a cab?	neither
ESTELLE: Things change, roll with em.	neither
JOEY: But this is a two line part, it's like takin' a step backwards. I'm not gonna do this.	neither
ESTELLE: Joey, I'm gonna tell you the same thing I told Al Minser and his pyramid of dogs. Take any job you can get and don't make on the floor.	neither
JOEY: I'm sorry. See ya.	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel are there. Rachel has just finished reading the book.]	0
RACHEL: Oh, God, oh, God, I mean it's just so.	neither
MONICA: Isn't it.	neither
RACHEL: Uhh, I mean this is like reading about my own life. I mean this book could have been called 'Be Your Own Windkeeper Rachel'.	neither
PHOEBE: I don't think it would have sold a million copies but it would have made a nice gift for you.	neither
ROSS: Hey you guys.	neither
MONICA: Hey.	neither
ROSS: Uh, sweetie we've gotta go.	neither
RACHEL: NO!	neither
ROSS: No?	neither
RACHEL: No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?	neither
ROSS: Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.	neither
RACHEL: No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.	neither
MONICA: You go girl. I can't pull that off can I?	neither
ROSS: Excuse me, your, your, your wind?	neither
RACHEL: Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?	neither
ROSS: You, you know I, I don't, have a- have a problem with that.	neither
RACHEL: Ok, I just, I just really need to be with myself right now. I'm sorry.	neither
PHOEBE: Um-um, um-um.	neither
RACHEL: You're right, I don't have to apologize. Sorry. Damnit!	neither
[Scene: Joey's apartment. Joey and Ross enter.]	0
JOEY: What is it?	neither
ROSS: I, I don't know, it's got all this stuff about wind and trees and there's some kind of sacred pool in it. I mean, I don't really get it but she's, she's pretty upset about it.	neither
JOEY: See, this is why I don't date women who read. Uh-oh.	neither
ROSS: What, what's that?	neither
JOEY: It's my VISA bill. Envelope one of two. That can't be good.	neither
ROSS: Open it, open in.	neither
JOEY: Oh my God.	neither
ROSS: Woah.	neither
JOEY: Look at this, how did I spend so much money?	neither
ROSS: Uh Joey, that's just the minumum amount due, that's your total due.	neither
JOEY: Ahh.	neither
ROSS: What, woah, woah, $3500 at porcelain safari?	neither
JOEY: My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't know what I'm gonna do.	neither
ROSS: Well I guess you can start by drivin a cab on Another World.	yes
JOEY: What?	neither
ROSS: That audition.	neither
JOEY: That's a two line part.	neither
ROSS: Joey, you owe $1100 at I Love Lucite.	neither
JOEY: So what.	neither
ROSS: So suck it up man, it's a job, it's money.	neither
JOEY: Hey, look, I don't need you getting all judgemental and condescending and pedantic.	neither
ROSS: Toilet paper?	neither
JOEY: Yeah.	neither
ROSS: Look, I'm not being any of those things, ok, I'm just being realistic.	neither
JOEY: Well knock it off, you're supposed to be my friend.	neither
ROSS: I am your friend.	neither
JOEY: Well then tell me things like, 'Joey you'll be fine,' and, 'Hang in there,' and, and, 'Somethin' big's fonna come along, I know it.'	neither
ROSS: But I don't know it. What I do know is that you owe $2300 at Isn't it Chromantic.	neither
JOEY: Hey Ross, I'm aware of what I owe.	neither
ROSS: Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long it's gonna be till you get another.	yes
JOEY: Look, I don't wanna hear this right now.	neither
ROSS: Huh, I'm just saying...	neither
JOEY: Well don't just say.	neither
ROSS: Ya know, maybe, maybe I should just go.	neither
JOEY: Ok.	neither
ROSS: Ok. I'll see ya later. Just think about it, ok.	neither
JOEY: I don't need to think about it. I was Dr. Drake Remoray. That was huge. Big things are gonna happen, you'll see. Ross, you still there?	neither
[Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler peeks in the door. He doesn't see Eddie so he enters, breathing a sigh of relief. Eddie pops up from behind the bar.]	0
EDDIE: Hey pal.	neither
CHANDLER: Ahhhh-gaaaahhh. Eddie what're you still doin' here?	neither
EDDIE: Ah, just some basic dehydrating of a few fruits and vegetables. MAN ALIVE this thing's fantastic!	neither
CHANDLER: Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything?	yes
EDDIE: Oh yeah, that's right, look I got us a new goldfish. He's a lot fiestier that the last one.	neither
CHANDLER: Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?	yes
EDDIE: Well, not unless it's got something to do with dehydrating my man because right now I'm a dehydrating maniac!	neither
CHANDLER: Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...	neither
EDDIE: Ah-ah-ah, you know what that is?	neither
CHANDLER: Your last roommate's kidney?	yes
EDDIE: That's a tomato. This one definitely goes in the display.	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Joey goes up to the bar to order.]	0
JOEY: Hey Gunther, let me get a lemonade to go.	neither
GUNTHER: Lemonade? You ok man?	yes
JOEY: Ah, it's career stuff. I don't know if you heard but they killed off my character on the show.	neither
GUNTHER: Oh, that's too bad. How'd they do it?	sad
JOEY: I fell down an elevator shaft.	neither
GUNTHER: That sucks. I was buried in an avalanche.	neither
JOEY: What?	neither
GUNTHER: I used to be Bryce on All My Children.	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Chandler is sleeping on the couch. Monica walks by and starts watching him.] [Chandler wakes up]	0
CHANDLER: Daaahhhh!	neither
MONICA: Aaahhhhhhh! Aaahhhh!	neither
CHANDLER: Why must everybody watch me sleep? There'll be no more watching me sleep, no more watching.	neither
MONICA: I wa-	neither
CHANDLER: Uuuh.	neither
[Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler is returning from Monica and Rachel's with his bedding. Eddie is standing at the bar with his dehydrator and loads of fruit.]	0
EDDIE: Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to dehydrate here. I got some grapes, got some apricots, I thought it would be really cool to see what happens with these water balloons.	neither
CHANDLER: Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.	neither
EDDIE: What?	neither
CHANDLER: You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!	neither
EDDIE: You, you want, you want me to move out?	neither
CHANDLER: Uh-huh.	neither
EDDIE: I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?	neither
CHANDLER: This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.	yes
EDDIE: Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be back for my stuff. [walks out the door and after a pause comes back in] But if you think for one second I'm leaving you alone with my fish, you're insane Jack!	neither
CHANDLER: You want some help.	yes
EDDIE: No help required Chico. [reaches into the tank and grabs the fish and puts it in his pocket]	neither
[Scene: Joey is at the cab driver interview.]	0
JOEY: All the way to the airport huh? You know that's over 30 miles, that's gonna cost you about so bucks. CASTING GUY: Excuse me, that's 50 bucks.	neither
JOEY: What? CASTING GUY: Five oh dollars.	neither
JOEY: Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything. CASTING GUY: That's great.	neither
JOEY: And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somethin', I could attend to the victims 'cause I have a background in medical acting. CASTING GUY: Ok, listen, thanks for coming in.	neither
JOEY: No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day. [gets up and leaves]	neither
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica, Rachel, and Phoebe are sitting around the coffee table.]	0
PHOEBE: Ok, question number 28, have you ever allowed a lighning bearer to take your wind? I would have to say no.	neither
MONICA: And I would have to say pah-huh.	neither
PHOEBE: What?	neither
MONICA: Do you not remember the puppet guy?	neither
RACHEL: Yeah you like totally let him wash his feet in the pool of your inner power.	neither
MONICA: And his puppet too.	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah ok, well at least I didn't let some guy into the forest of my righteous truth on the first date.	neither
MONICA: Who?	neither
PHOEBE: Paul.	neither
MONICA: Oh.	neither
RACHEL: Ok, ok, ok, moving on, moving on, next question. Ok number 29, have you ever betrayed another goddess for a lightning bearer? Ok, number 30.	neither
MONICA: Woah, woah, woah, let's go back to 29.	neither
RACHEL: Not uh, not to my recollection.	neither
MONICA: Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, ninth grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the bottle was totally pointing at me.	neither
RACHEL: Only 'cause you took up half the circle.	neither
PHOEBE: Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.	neither
RACHEL: Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.	yes
MONICA: One hour? You are such a leaf blower. [Monica goes into her room and slams the door. Rachel does the same. Phoebe, without a door to slam, opens a small chest and slams the lid.]	neither
[Scene: Joey's apartment. Joey is watching movers take all his stuff away.]	0
JOEY: Oh hey uh, be careful with that 3-D last supper, Judas is a little loose.	neither
ROSS: [enters] Oh my God, what's goin' on?	neither
JOEY: They're takin all my stuff back. I guess you were right.	neither
ROSS: No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own stuff. Listen, I'm someone who needs the whole security thing, ya know. To know exactly where my next paycheck is coming from buy you, you don't need that and that's amazing to me. I could never do what you do Joey.	neither
JOEY: Thanks Ross.	neither
ROSS: Yeah. And you should hold out for something bigger. I can't tell you how much respect I have for you not going to that stupid cab driver audition.	neither
JOEY: I went.	neither
ROSS: Great, how did it go?	neither
JOEY: I didn't get it.	neither
ROSS: Good for you.	neither
JOEY: What?	neither
ROSS: You're livin' the dream.	neither
JOEY: Huh?	neither
ROSS: All right then.	neither
JOEY: [movers removing a glass parrot] Oh, not my parrot.	neither
ROSS: What?	neither
JOEY: I can't watch this.	neither
ROSS: [approaching the mover holding the parrot] Hey hold on, hold on. How much for the uh, how much to save the bird?	neither
MOVER: 1200.	neither
ROSS: Dollars? You spent $1200 dollars on a plastic bird?	neither
JOEY: Uhhh, I was an impulse buyer, near the register.	neither
ROSS: Go ahead, go ahead with the bird. Ok, do you have anything for around 200?	neither
MOVER: Uh, the dog. [points to a big poecelain greyhound]	neither
ROSS: Huh.	neither
MOVER: Yeah.	neither
ROSS: I'll take it. My gift to you man.	neither
JOEY: Thanks Ross. I really like that bird though...I'll take the dog though.	neither
[Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Phoebe are sitting ignoring each other. Rachel walks up with two pieces of cake.]	0
RACHEL: Here are your cakes.	neither
MONICA: We didn't order cake.	neither
RACHEL: No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough trouble with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.	neither
MONICA: You're right.	neither
RACHEL: You know.	neither
PHOEBE: I love you goddesses. I don't ever want to suck your wind again.	neither
RACHEL: Thank you. So are we good?	neither
MONICA: We're good.	neither
RACHEL: We're good?	neither
PHOEBE: Yeah.	neither
RACHEL: Ok, let me take these cakes back 'cause they're gonna take that out of my paycheck.	neither
CHANDLER: [enters] Ding dong, the psycho's gone.	yes
MONICA: Are you sure this time?	neither
CHANDLER: Yes, yes I actually saw him leave. I mean that guy is standing in the window holding a human head. He is STANDING IN THE WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD!	neither
EDDIE: [enters] Check it out man, I tore it off some mannaquin in the alley behind Macy's.	neither
MONICA: There is no alley behind Macy's.	neither
EDDIE: So I got it in the junior miss department, big diff. Anyway check it out man, it's gonna make a hell of a conversation piece at out next cocktail party, huh pal?	neither
CHANDLER: Our next cocktail party?	neither
EDDIE: Yeah, you know, put chips in it, we'll make like a chip chick.	neither
CHANDLER: Eddie, do you remember yesterday?	neither
EDDIE: Uh yes, I think I vaguely recall it.	neither
CHANDLER: Do you remember talking to me yesterday?	neither
EDDIE: Uh, yes.	neither
CHANDLER: So what happened?	neither
EDDIE: We took a road trip to Las Vegas man.	neither
CHANDLER: Oh sweet Moses.	yes
MONICA: So on this road trip, did you guys win any money?	neither
EDDIE: Naah, I crapped out, but Mr. 21 over here he cleans up, 300 bucks, check it out he buys me these new shoes, sweet huh?	neither
MONICA: Nice.	neither
EDDIE: Yeah. Well see ya upstairs. See ya pals.	neither
PHOEBE: Is anyone else starting to really like him?	yes
[Scene: Hallway outside Chandler and Joey's apartment. Eddie walks up.] [Eddie tries his key and it won't work. He knocks and Chandler answers the door. He's got the door chained.]	0
CHANDLER: May I help you?	neither
EDDIE: Why doesn't my key work and what's all my stuff doin' downstairs?	neither
CHANDLER: Well, I'm, I'm sorry...[Eddie forces his head in the door] Ahhh. Have we met?	yes
EDDIE: It's Eddie you freak, your roommate.	neither
CHANDLER: I, I'm sorry, I uh [unchains the door and opens it all the way] I already have a roommate. [Joey turns around in the leather recliner]	neither
JOEY: Hello.	neither
CHANDLER: Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.	neither
EDDIE: No he, he moved out and I moved in.	neither
CHANDLER: Well I, I think we'd remember something like that.	yes
JOEY: I know I would.	neither
EDDIE: Well that's uh, that's a good point. Um ok, well, uh, I guess I got the wrong apartment then. I, I'm, look, I'm, ya know, I'm sorry, I'm terriably sorry.	neither
JOEY: Hey no problem.	neither
CHANDLER: See ya. [shuts the door] Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?	yes
JOEY: Na, na I'm ok. Oh and uh, just so you know, I'm not movin' back in 'cause I have to. Well, I mean, I do have to. It's just that that place wasn't really, I mean, this is...	neither
CHANDLER: Welcome home man. [they hug and jump around]	neither
JOEY: A little foos?	neither
CHANDLER: Absolutely.	neither
JOEY: What happened to the foosball?	neither
CHANDLER: Ah that's a cantelope. CLOSING CREDITS	neither
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. They are hauling out the porcelain dog from Joey's room. Chandler is holding the dog by the rear in a rather interesting position.]	0
CHANDLER: Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?	neither
JOEY: He paid a lot of money for it.	neither
CHANDLER: I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?	neither
JOEY: Well, I had a whole ceramic zoo thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks tacky.	neither
CHANDLER: So is he housetrained or is he gonna leave little bathroom tiles all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good fake dog. END	yes
[Scene: Ross&#146;s Wedding, continued from last season, the Minister is about to marry Ross and Emily.]	Happy
Minister: Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. (Time lapse) Now Ross, repeat after me. I Ross...	Happy
Ross: I Ross...	Happy
Minister: Take thee, Emily...	Happy
Ross: Take thee, Rachel...(All his friends have looks of shock on their faces. He realizes what he said. Quickly he says.) Emily. (A slight chuckle.) Emily.	can't say
Minister: (Looking and feeling awkward. he looks towards Emily.) Uhh...Shall I go on?	can't say
Rachel: (To the woman sitting in front of her) He-he said Rachel, right? Do you think I should go up there?	Unhappy
Emily: Yes, yes, do go on.	can't say
Minister: I think we&#146;d better start again. Ross, repeat after me. I, Ross&#133;	can't say
Ross: I, Ross&#133;	Yes
Minister: Take thee, EM-I-LY&#133;	Unhappy
Ross: Take thee, (Glares at the Minister) Emily. (Chuckles) Like there&#146;d be anybody else. (Emily is glaring at him.)	can't say
Minister: As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.	can't say
Ross: As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily. (Points at her.)	can't say
Minister: May I have the rings? (He is given the rings) Emily, place this ring on Ross&#146;s finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. (She jams the ring onto his finger) Ross, place this ring in Emily&#146;s hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.	Happy
Ross: Happy too.	Happy
Minister: Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband and wife.	Yes
Ross: Yay!	can't say
Minister: You may kiss the bride. (He goes to kiss her, but she isn&#146;t very receptive of the kiss. She keeps avoiding him, until Ross finally gets to kiss her on her cheek.) Mrs. Geller: (To Mr. Geller) This is worse than when he married the lesbian. (The band starts to play, and the recessional starts. Ross tries to take Emily&#146;s hand, but she snatches it away from him.)	Unhappy
Emily: Just keep smiling.	Unhappy
Ross: Okay.	can't say
Joey: Well, that went well. Yeah.	Yes
Chandler: It could&#146;ve been worse, he could&#146;ve shot her. (Ross and Emily make it to the lobby.)	can't say
Ross: (laughs) That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn&#146;t it? (Emily gives him a forearm shot across the stomach.) Opening Credits	0
[Scene: The Wedding reception, Ross and Emily are in the bathroom and Emily is yelling at him. Rachel, Chandler, Joey, and Monica are standing outside the doorway.]	Unhappy
Emily: (Yelling from inside the bathroom) You&#146;ve spoiled everything! It&#146;s like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I face them?! How can you do this to me?!	Yes
Joey: (To the gang) Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?	Unhappy
Ross: (exiting the bathroom) That-that-that&#146;s all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I&#146;ll be right out here. (She slams the door in his face, to the gang) She&#146;s just fixing her makeup.	Unhappy
Emily: I hate you!!	Yes
Ross: And, I love you!! (He walks into the living room) Mr. Geller: Boy, bad time to say the wrong name, huh Ross?	can't say
Ross: That&#146;s true, thanks dad. (To All) People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!! (He starts to dance but stops when no one else joins him.) (Mrs. Waltham&#146;s phone rings and she answers it.) Mrs. Waltham: Yes, Waltham interiors.	can't say
Phoebe: (On the phone, in New York) Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller&#146;s personal physician, Dr. Philange. Mrs. Waltham: Who?	can't say
Phoebe: Yeah, I&#146;ve discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women&#146;s names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own. Mrs. Waltham: Oh my God, Phoebe.	Yes
Phoebe: No, not Phoebe, Dr. Philange. Oh no! You have it too! (Mrs. Waltham hangs up on her.)	can't say
Phoebe: Hello? (Cut to Chandler and Monica at the buffet table.)	can't say
Chandler: Hey.	can't say
Monica: Hey.	Unhappy
Chandler: Oh wow, I hope you don&#146;t take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I&#146;m just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.	Unhappy
Monica: I know. How could we have let this happen?	Yes
Chandler: Seven times!	can't say
Monica: Ugh! Well, y&#146;know, we were away&#133;	Yes
Chandler: In a foreign, romantic country&#133;	can't say
Monica: I blame London.	Yes
Chandler: Bad London! (Takes a spoon and smacks the turkey.)	can't say
Monica: So look umm, while we&#146;re st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?	can't say
Chandler: Well, I don&#146;t see that we have a choice. But, when we&#146;re back home, we don&#146;t do it.	can't say
Monica: Only here.	Happy
Chandler: Y&#146;know, I saw a wine cellar downstairs&#133;	Happy
Monica: I&#146;ll meet you there in two minutes.	Happy
Chandler: Okay! (He throws down his plate and runs to the wine cellar, Monica is about to follow him but is intercepted by Rachel.)	can't say
Rachel: Mon, honey, I gotta ask you something.	can't say
Monica: (impatiently) Now?	can't say
Rachel: Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can&#146;t pretend that didn&#146;t happen can I?	can't say
Monica: Oh, I-I don&#146;t know.	can't say
Rachel: Monica, what should I do?	can't say
Monica: Just uh, do the right thing. (Uses some breath spray)	can't say
Rachel: What?	Yes
Monica: Toe the line. Thread the needle. Think outside the box! (Tries to leave, but is stopped by Rachel.)	can't say
Rachel: Whoa, wait, listen, I think I&#146;m just gonna talk to Ross about what he think it meant.	Yes
Monica: Wait. Rachel, no, he&#146;s married. Married! If you don&#146;t realize that, I can&#146;t help you.	Yes
Rachel: Okay, you&#146;re right. You&#146;re right. You can&#146;t help me. (Cut to Mr. and Mrs. Geller.) Mrs. Geller: Jack, is it all our fault? Were we bad parents? Mr. Waltham: (walking by) Yes. Mr. Geller: Oh yeah, well who serves steak when there&#146;s no place to sit, I mean how are you supposed to eat this?	Happy
Joey: Hey, what&#146;s up? (He has solved the problem of eating the steak, he&#146;s eating it with his hands.) (Cut to Monica and Chandler, Monica is running up to him.)	can't say
Monica: Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine cellar?	can't say
Chandler: Forget it, that&#146;s off.	can't say
Monica: Why?! Mr. Waltham: (drunkenly) The next tour of the wine cellar will plan in two in-in minutes&#133; (Joey walks up to them.)	can't say
Monica: Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn&#146;t eat meat until she has the babies!	Yes
Joey: Well, I figured we&#146;re in another country, so it doesn&#146;t count.	can't say
Monica: That&#146;s true.	Yes
Chandler: The man&#146;s got a point. (Cut to Rachel and Ross.)	can't say
Rachel: Oh, hi!	can't say
Ross: Hi!	can't say
Rachel: Hi. Sorry, things aren&#146;t working out so well.	can't say
Ross: Oh no! It could be better, but it&#146;s gonna be okay, right?	Yes
Rachel: Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she&#146;s gonna get over this, y&#146;know? I mean, so you said my name! Y&#146;know you just said it &#145;cause you saw me there, if you&#146;d have seen a circus freak, you would&#146;ve said, &quot;I take thee circus freak.&quot; Y&#146;know, it didn&#146;t mean anything, it&#146;s just a mistake. It didn&#146;t mean anything. Right?	can't say
Ross: No! No! Of course it didn&#146;t mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y&#146;know, because-because it was you&#133;	can't say
Rachel: Right&#133;	can't say
Ross: But it absolutely didn&#146;t. (Yelling towards the bathroom) It didn&#146;t!! It didn&#146;t!!	can't say
Joey: (approaching) Ross, hey, the band&#146;s ready outside for your first dance with Emily, so&#133;	Yes
Ross: (sarcastic) Oh! Oh-oh, the band&#146;s ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says&#151;I don&#146;t care about the stupid band!!	Unhappy
Joey: You spit on me man! (Wipes his face.)	Unhappy
Ross: Look, I&#146;m sorry.	can't say
Joey: Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?	can't say
Rachel: (laughs) Y&#146;know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.	Yes
Ross: Oh, right!	Happy
Rachel: Get the hell out of there, y&#146;know? (They all start laughing, and quickly stop when they realize what she just said and run over to the bathroom.)	can't say
Ross: (Bangs on the bathroom door) Emily? Emily? I&#146;m coming in. (He opens the door to reveal that the window is gone, along with Emily.)	can't say
Rachel: Well, look at that, same thing.	0
[Scene: London Marriott, Monica and Chandler are walking to her room.]	Happy
Chandler: Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, &quot;Yippee!&quot; just ignore me. (She laughs and opens the door to reveal Rachel sitting on the bed.)	can't say
Monica: Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!	can't say
Chandler: Oh, hello Rachel.	can't say
Rachel: Ross said my name. Okay? My name. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me! (They both just stare at her.) Okay, don&#146;t believe me, I know I&#146;m right&#151;do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?	can't say
Chandler: Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.	can't say
Monica: Yes, I want to change. And why-why don&#146;t you go down and get us a table?	can't say
Chandler: Yeah, we&#146;ll be down in like five minutes.	can't say
Monica: (elbows him) Fifteen minutes.	can't say
Rachel: Okay. (The phone rings and Rachel answers it.)	can't say
Rachel: Hello? Oh, Pheebs! (To them) It&#146;s Phoebe!	yes
Chandler: Oh, yay&#133;	yes
Monica: Great&#133;	can't say
Rachel: Hi!	can't say
Phoebe: Hi, so what happened?	can't say
Rachel: Well, Ross said my name.	can't say
Phoebe: Yeah, I know, but I don&#146;t think that means anything.	can't say
Rachel: Okay, Pheebs, y&#146;know what, let&#146;s look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then&#133;	can't say
Chandler: (To Monica) Hey, listen, why don&#146;t we go change in my room?	can't say
Monica: But my clothes are&#151;ohh! (They both leave.) (Cut to Chandler&#146;s room, he opens the door slowly to see if Joey is there and after seeing that he isn&#146;t, ushers Monica into the room, closes the door, and the security bar.)	can't say
Chandler: Wow, you look&#133;	0
Monica: No time for that! (They both start to frantically rip each other&#146;s clothes off, but are interrupted when Joey tries to open the door.)	Happy
Joey: Hey, dude, let me in. I got a girl out here!	Happy
Chandler: Well, I&#146;ve got a girl in here.	Happy
Joey: No you don&#146;t, I just saw you go in there with Monica!	can't say
Chandler: Well, we&#146;re-we&#146;re hanging out in here!	Yes
Joey: Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?	can't say
Chandler: Well, I suppose I&#146;d have to say you!! But, what if we&#146;re watching a movie in here?	Yes
Monica: Which we are, and-and we already paid for it. It&#146;s My Giant!	can't say
Joey: My Giant? I love that movie!	0
[Scene: Ross and Emily&#146;s room, Chandler and Monica are still looking for a place to do the deed.]	can't say
Monica: You really think this is okay?	Yes
Chandler: Well, Ross and Emily aren&#146;t gonna use it.	can't say
Monica: Oh, it&#146;s so beautiful. Ohh! Y&#146;know, I-I don&#146;t know if I feel right about this.	Yes
Chandler: Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn&#146;t get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.	can't say
Monica: Okay!	can't say
Chandler: Okay! (They both run to rip the covers off the bed, but are interrupted by Ross.)	can't say
Ross: (entering) Emily?!	Yes
Chandler: Nope, not under here!	Unhappy
Monica: You didn&#146;t find her?	Unhappy
Ross: No, I&#146;ve looked everywhere!	Yes
Chandler: Well, you couldn&#146;t have looked everywhere or else you would&#146;ve found her!	can't say
Monica: Yeah, I think you should keep looking!	Yes
Chandler: Yeah, for about 30 minutes.	can't say
Monica: Or 45.	Yes
Chandler: Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice. (Monica smiles at that.)	Unhappy
Ross: No! For all I know, she&#146;s trying to find me but couldn&#146;t because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I&#146;m staying in one place. (He sits down on the bed.) Right here.	can't say
Monica: Well, it&#146;s getting late.	can't say
Chandler: Yeah, we&#146;re gonna go.	can't say
Ross: Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?	can't say
Monica: Ugh, y&#146;know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.	yes
Chandler: Yeah, it&#146;s a very large plane.	Unhappy
Ross: (disappointed) That&#146;s cool.	can't say
Chandler: But, we&#146;ll stay here with you.	can't say
Ross: Thanks guys! (They both sit down on either side of him.) I really appreciate this, y&#146;know, but you don&#146;t have to rub my butt. (Chandler slowly takes his hand away.) Commercial Break	0
[Scene: Ross and Emily&#146;s room, the next morning. Ross is now asleep and has his head in Monica&#146;s lap and his feet on Chandler&#146;s lap. Monica and Chandler are both still awake and depressed.]	Unhappy
Chandler: We have to leave for New York in an hour.	can't say
Monica: I know, I&#146;ve been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don&#146;t you think?	can't say
Chandler: We can&#146;t do that that&#146;s insane. I mean &#145;A&#146; he could wake up and &#145;B&#146; y&#146;know, let&#146;s go for it. (They both try to slowly extricate themselves from Ross, but there&#146;s a knock on the door that awakens him.)	can't say
Ross: Em-Emily? (Looking around for her.) Em-Emily? (He runs to the door.) Emily! (He opens the door to reveal the Walthams standing outside.) Mr. Waltham: No. Mrs. Waltham: You can forget about Emily, she&#146;s not with us. Mr. Waltham: We&#146;ve come for her things.	yes
Ross: Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she? Mr. Waltham: She&#146;s in hiding. She&#146;s utterly humiliated. She doesn&#146;t want to see you ever again. Mrs. Waltham: We&#146;re very sad that it didn&#146;t work out between you and Emily, monkey. But, I think you&#146;re absolutely delicious. Mr. Waltham: Excuse me, I&#146;m standing right here! Mrs. Waltham: Oh yes, there you are.	can't say
Rachel: (entering, carrying an armful of those little soaps.) Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there&#146;s a whole cart outside&#133; (Sees the Walthams and stops.) Mr. Waltham: Goodbye Geller.	Unhappy
Ross: Now, hold on! Hold on! (Stops him) Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I&#146;m gonna be at that airport and I hope that she&#146;ll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel&#146;s name, but it didn&#146;t mean anything, Okay? She&#146;s-she&#146;s just a friend and that&#146;s all! (Rachel sits down, depressed.) That&#146;s all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can&#146;t imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you&#146;ll tell her that. Mr. Waltham: All right, I&#146;ll tell her. (To his wife) Come on bugger face! Mrs. Waltham: (As she walks pass Ross, she pats his but.) Call me. Mr. Waltham: You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don&#146;t you ever go out the bloody window!	0
[Scene: A 747 somewhere over the North Atlantic, Monica and Chandler are sitting in first class, depressed.]	Unhappy
Monica: Y&#146;know, maybe it&#146;s best that we never got to do it again.	can't say
Chandler: Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. (Realizes something) Y&#146;know, technically we still are over international waters.	Happy
Monica: I&#146;m gonna go to the bathroom, maybe I&#146;ll see you there in a bit?	Happy
Chandler: &#145;Kay! (Monica gets up and heads for the bathroom, Chandler turns to watch her go and is startled to see Joey sitting in Monica&#146;s seat.)	can't say
Joey: Can I ask you something?	can't say
Chandler: Uhh, no.	can't say
Joey: Felicity and I, we&#146;re watching My Giant, and I was thinking, &quot;I&#146;m never gonna be as good an actor as that giant.&quot; Do you think I&#146;m just wasting my life with this acting thing?	can't say
Chandler: No.	can't say
Joey: I mean, the giant is like five years younger than me, y&#146;know, you think I&#146;ll ever get there?	can't say
Chandler: Yes.	can't say
Joey: Thanks man.	can't say
Chandler: Okay man. (Chandler starts to get up.)	can't say
Joey: But what about how much taller he is than me? (Time lapse, Chandler is finishing his third little bottle of booze.)	can't say
Joey: I mean, there&#146;s no way I can make myself taller now, y&#146;know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man? (Monica returns.)	Yes
Joey: Hey, Monica, wow you&#146;ve been in the bathroom for like a half-hour.	Yes
Monica: I know!	Yes
Joey: Had the beef-tips, huh?	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is eating cereal from a bowl she has balanced on her stomach as Joey, Chandler, and Monica return.]	Happy
Phoebe: Hey!	Happy
Chandler: Hey!	Happy
Joey: Hi! (They all hug.)	can't say
Phoebe: (To Joey) You ate meat! (Joey is shocked) (To Chandler and Monica) You had sex! (They&#146;re shocked.)	can't say
Chandler: No we didn&#146;t!	can't say
Phoebe: I know you didn&#146;t, I was talking about Monica.	can't say
Monica: Phoebe, I did not have sex.	can't say
Phoebe: This pregnancy is throwing me all off.	Happy
Joey: All right, I&#146;m gonna go say hi the chick and the duck.	Happy
Phoebe: Oh, me too!	can't say
Joey: Why would you need to say hi to them, you&#146;ve been feeding them for four days?	can't say
Phoebe: Oh right, maybe I&#146;ll just go home. (She grabs her bag and leaves, Joey moves a little quicker to his apartment, leaving Monica and Chandler alone.)	can't say
Monica: Well, we certainly are alone.	yes
Chandler: Yes! Good thing we have that, &#145;Not in New York&#146; rule.	can't say
Monica: Right. Umm, listen since we&#146;re-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross&#146;s mother&#133;	can't say
Chandler: Right.	can't say
Monica: Well, an-anyway, I just&#151;that night meant a lot to me, I guess I&#146;m just trying to say thanks.	Happy
Chandler: Oh. Y&#146;know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn&#146;t because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me &#145;cause, you&#146;re really hot! Is that okay?	Happy
Monica: (laughs) That&#146;s okay.	yes
Chandler: And I&#146;m cute too.	Happy
Monica: And you&#146;re cute too.	Happy
Chandler: Thank you! (They hug.) All right, I gotta go unpack.	Happy
Monica: Okay.	Happy
Chandler: Bye. (After he closes the door, Monica starts to follow him, but thinks better of it and stops.)	Happy
Chandler: (entering) I&#146;m still on London time, does that count?	Happy
Monica: That counts!	Happy
Chandler: Oh, good! (They start kissing.)	0
[Scene: An airport in London, Ross is waiting for Emily to show up to go on their honeymoon and sees Rachel walking past.]	can't say
Ross: Rach! Rach!	can't say
Rachel: (she stops and turns) Hi!	can't say
Ross: Hi! What are you, what are you doing here?	can't say
Rachel: Well, I-I-I&#146;ve been on Standby for a flight home for hours.	can't say
Ross: Oh.	can't say
Rachel: Ohh, so no sign of Emily huh?	can't say
Ross: Not yet.	can't say
Rachel: So umm, what time are you supposed to leave? Gate Agent: (On the P.A.) This is the last call for Flight 1066 to Athens. The last call.	can't say
Ross: Pretty soon I guess.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah. I&#146;m sorry.	Unhappy
Ross: I just, I don&#146;t understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y&#146;know, what, am I, am I like a complete idiot for thinking that she&#146;d actually show up?	can't say
Rachel: No, you&#146;re not an idiot, Ross. You&#146;re a guy very much in love.	Yes
Ross: Same difference. Gate Agent: (On the P.A.) All ticketed passengers for Flight 1066 to Athens should now be on board.	can't say
Ross: I get it! Well, that&#146;s that.	can't say
Rachel: No, you know what, I think you should go.	can't say
Ross: What?	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, I do. I think you should go, by yourself, get some distance, clear your head, I think it&#146;d be really good.	Unhappy
Ross: Oh, I don&#146;t, I don&#146;t, I don&#146;t know&#133;	can't say
Rachel: Oh, come on Ross! I think it would be really good for you!	can't say
Ross: I could, yeah, I can do that.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah.	can't say
Ross: I can&#146;t, I can&#146;t even believe her! No, y&#146;know what, I am, I am gonna go!	can't say
Rachel: Good!	can't say
Ross: I know, why not?	can't say
Rachel: Right!	can't say
Ross: Right?	can't say
Rachel: Right!	Happy
Ross: Y&#146;know&#151;thanks! (They hug)	Happy
Rachel: Okay, I&#146;ll see you back at home, if I ever get a flight out of here.	can't say
Ross: Yeah, well&#133;nah.	can't say
Rachel: What? Wait, what?	can't say
Ross: Why don&#146;t you come, I mean, I-I have two tickets, why not?	can't say
Rachel: Well-well, I don&#146;t know Ross&#151;really?	yes
Ross: Yeah, yeah, it&#146;ll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?	can't say
Rachel: Uh-huh.	can't say
Ross: No really, I mean, I mean, God, I could use a friend.	Happy
Rachel: Oh wow, uh okay, uh maybe. Umm, yes, I can do that!	Happy
Ross: Okay!	Happy
Rachel: Okay!	Happy
Ross: Cool!	Happy
Rachel: All right!	Happy
Ross: Come on! (They go to the jetway, Ross hands the tickets to the gate agent.) Here.	Happy
Rachel: Oh, okay, we&#146;re going. Yeah.	can't say
Ross: Ah! Ah! I forgot my jacket!	can't say
Rachel: Oh, wait-wait-wait&#133;	can't say
Ross: You tell them to wait!	can't say
Rachel: Okay. Wait! Wait! (Ross retrieves his jacket and sees that not only has Emily arrived, but she as seen Rachel take her place on the plane.)	can't say
Ross: Emily. (She stares at him and Ross realizes what she&#146;s thinking.)	Unhappy
Ross: Oh no-no-no! Oh-no! (Emily starts to run out and Ross chases her.) No! No! Emily! Ending Credits	0
[Scene: Flight 1066 to Athens, Rachel is ordering a drink for Ross and herself.]	can't say
Rachel: Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, (points to Ross&#146;s seat.) he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo! (Looks out the window.) Hey, look at that, the airport&#146;s moving. (Realizes that that&#146;s not how it works.) Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the captain know that we&#146;re moving? (Sits back in defeat.) Oh my God. Oh, my gosh. End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(136,1) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/502kiss.htm" rectangle="(69,0) (125, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(1,0) (57, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season4/423rowed.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="596" endspan -->	0
The One With All The Kissing Written by: Wil Calhoun Transcribed by: Eric Aasen	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's Bathroom, Chandler and Monica are sharing a candlelight bubble bath while drinking champagne and they clink their glasses.]	Happy
Monica: You look cute in bubbles.	Yes
Chandler: Ehh, you're just liquored up. (They move into kiss but are interrupted by Joey knocking on the door.)	Happy
Joey: Hey, it's me! I'm comin' in! (Monica quickly dives under the water as Joey enters. He looks a little shocked at what Chandler's doing.)	can't say
Chandler: I've had a very long, hard day.	can't say
Joey: Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some?	can't say
Chandler: Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then.	can't say
Joey: Okay. (Joey turns to leave but stops at the door.)	can't say
Joey: You sure? Some extra crispy? Dirty rice? Beans?	can't say
Chandler: For the last time no! Get out! Get out, Joey!	can't say
Joey: All right! (Joey leaves and Monica comes up for air.)	can't say
Chandler: Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.	can't say
Monica: Chicken? I could eat some chicken.	can't say
Chandler: Hey Joe! (Monica goes back underwater as Joey re-enters.)	can't say
Chandler: Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke-(Yelps in pain as Monica grabs him underwater)-Diet Coke. (Joey gives him a thumbs up and heads for the chicken.) Opening Credits	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler, Joey, and Monica are eating breakfast.]	Happy
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!	Happy
Chandler: Hey, Pheebs!	Happy
Joey: Mornin' Pheebs!	Happy
Phoebe: I have to tell you this story. Okay, I was coming over here and this driver&#133;	can't say
Joey: (interrupting) Was his name Angus? (Monica and Chandler laugh.)	can't say
Phoebe: What?	yes
Joey: Oh, he was this cab driver we had in London.	can't say
Phoebe: Oh. Ha-ha-ha. All right, anyway&#133;	can't say
Monica: Wait, what that place, that pub he took us too?	can't say
Chandler: Uh, The Wheatsheaf.	can't say
Joey: Yeah-yeah-yeah, and they had that beer! That uh&#133;	can't say
Monica: Bodington's!	Happy
All: Bodington's! Woohoo! (And they all high-five each other.)	can't say
Chandler: Ooh! Ahh, Pheebs, was gonna tell a story.	can't say
Phoebe: Yeah, so, he had a really funny hat&#151;I don't want to talk about it.	can't say
Ross: (entering) Hey!	Happy
All: Hey!	Happy
Joey: Hey, Ross, Bodington's!	Happy
Ross: Yeah! (They high-five.)	Happy
Joey: That was good beer.	Happy
Ross: Ohh&#133;	Happy
Joey: Y'know, I'd walk back to London for another frosty one of those bad boys.	can't say
Ross: Y'know, I think they have those at that British pub near the trade center.	Happy
Joey: Later! (Exits.)	can't say
Ross: Isn't Rachel supposed to be back by now?	can't say
Monica: Yeah, but her plane got delayed in Athens. But actually, (Checks watch) she should be here by now.	can't say
Ross: Oh, so-so you talked to her. Did she, did she sound mad?	Yes
Monica: No, but she likes me. You abandoned her on a plane to Greece.	Unhappy
Ross: Okay, I did not abandon Rachel! Okay? Emily showed up at the airport! I had to go after her! I mean, I-I did what I had to do! She's my wife! Rachel is my wife! Y'know&#151;Emily! Emily, is my wife! Man, what is that?	can't say
Phoebe: So you still hadn't heard from Emily?	can't say
Ross: No, not since I lost her at the airport.	yes
Chandler: I can't believe she can out run you man!	Unhappy
Ross: HEY, SHE'S FAST!! OKAY?!! (Chandler is so shocked at Ross's outburst that he drops his spoon and backs up) Oh! You-you think you can be beat me? Let's go! Outside!!	can't say
Rachel: (entering) Hi!	Happy
All: Hey! (They all go hug her, except for Ross.)	Unhappy
Ross: Rach, Rach, I am so sorry. I am so-so sorry.	can't say
Rachel: Oh Ross, come on! You just did what you had to do.	can't say
Ross: That's it? You're not mad? I mean, it must've been terrible.	can't say
Rachel: Terrible? Hell, I was in Greece! That was a nice hotel! Nice beach, met the nice people. Not to shabby for Rachel. (Goes and puts her luggage away.)	can't say
Ross: So, what? That's it?	can't say
Rachel: Well, yeah! We're cool. Totally cool.	Happy
Ross: Oh, thanks. Oh, you're the best. (They hug.)	can't say
Rachel: Oh no, you're the best.	can't say
Ross: (breaking the hug) Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! (Runs to the door.) Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.	yes
Chandler: Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY. (Ross bangs his fists together to tell Chandler off, like what was learned last season. Read about it here.)	Happy
Monica: Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece!	Unhappy
Rachel: What?! I didn't have a good time in Greece! Ross abandoned me! Okay, I couldn't get a plane out, so I had to stay in their honeymoon suite with people coming up to me all the time going, &quot;Oh, Mrs. Geller, why are you crying?&quot; I mean, it was sooo humiliating. I felt like such an idiot! I mean, it's all my fault! And you know why, because I make very bad decisions.	can't say
Chandler: Oh that's not true.	can't say
Rachel: Yes it is! It is true! I went, I went after Ross in stupid London.	can't say
Phoebe: London is stupid! Stupid!	can't say
Rachel: Phoebe, you were right. I should've never gone to London, and from now on you make all of my decisions for me.	can't say
Phoebe: Oh&#133; No, I did that for someone once and I'm not comfortable having that kind of power and control over someone's life.	can't say
Monica: I'll do it!	can't say
Rachel: That's fine. So Monica, you are now in control of my love life.	can't say
Chandler: Okay, I gotta go to work. (He gets up and gives Monica a rather passionate kiss as Rachel and Phoebe look on in amazement. After the kiss ends, Chandler suddenly realizes what he just did, so he decides to do something rather rash.)	can't say
Chandler: And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back. (He goes over and gives Rachel the same treatment he gave Monica, only Rachel is shocked.)	can't say
Chandler: Pheebs! (He goes over and kisses Phoebe, who is also stunned.) Always a pleasure. (And he struts out leaving the girls to stare at each other.)	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Rachel, Chandler and Joey are there looking at pictures from the trip to London.]	Happy
Monica: Oh, Rachel, sweetie, look, here's a really cute picture of Joey and you at the reception.	Unhappy
Rachel: Ohh, he's married! Ross is married. I can't&#151;I still can't believe it. (Rachel grabs the picture from Monica)	can't say
Monica: Honey, sweetie, by the edges.	can't say
Rachel: I mean, y'know I'm just gonna have to accept it (She grabs the rest of the pictures)&#133;	Unhappy
Monica: Ohh. (Monica covers her eyes in horror.)	Unhappy
Rachel: &#133;I mean it's my fault.	Unhappy
Monica: Sweetie! Edges! Fingers! Smudgey! Pictures!	Unhappy
Rachel: Oh my God! (She licks the top picture and hands them back.)	can't say
Monica: Okay. That's okay. I-I know that you're very upset right now. I know, I know that wasn't about me.	can't say
Joey: (To Chandler) I bet it was about her a little.	can't say
Monica: If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther! (Gunther turns to listen in.) I mean, he's nice, he's cute.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, I guess Gunther is kinda&#133;	can't say
Monica: (Interrupting) Oh, what about that guy over there? (She points at another guy and Gunther is deflated.) Remember? That is the guy you flirted with at the counter that time.	can't say
Rachel: Oh, I don't know. I don't know.	can't say
Monica: You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.	can't say
Rachel: All right, you're the boss. I guess I gotta do what you tell me.	yes
Joey: Say that to him and you're golden. (She just glares at him.)	can't say
Phoebe: (entering) Hey!	can't say
Rachel: Hey!	Happy
Joey: Hey, Pheebs!	Happy
Monica: We got out pictures back from London. (Shows her one.) Here's all of us at the Tower of London.	Happy
Phoebe: (Grabs the pictures) Oh! Here we all are! Yeah, there's Ross and Joey and you and me. (She picks up a magic marker and draws herself in. Monica can't watch.)	can't say
Chandler: All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?	Unhappy
Phoebe: No. I'm sorry. It's just 'cause I couldn't be there. 'Cause all I ever get to do now is pregnant stuff, it just bums me out.	can't say
All: Sorry. (Rachel returns.)	can't say
Monica: What happened?	can't say
Rachel: Well, y'know, a little of this, a little of that. Got myself a date tomorrow night.	can't say
Monica: See, didn't I tell you?! You're getting over Ross already!	can't say
Rachel: Well&#133; (Gunther goes up to the guy and holds a sign that reads, &quot;We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone.&quot;)	can't say
Gunther: (To the guy) Get out!	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler enters to find Monica waiting patiently for him. He closes the door and they start kissing.]	can't say
Monica: What took you so long?	can't say
Chandler: I got caught up and work, but I'm quitting tomorrow.	Happy
Monica: Oh, good. (They start kissing and turn around so that Chandler is facing the door. And Chandler sees Rachel, Phoebe, and Joey walk in and quickly ends the kiss with Monica.)	can't say
Chandler: So, thanks for having me over! Rach. (Goes over, grabs her, and kisses her.) Pheebs. (After a moment while he decides how to kiss her around her belly, grabs her and kisses her.)	yes
Joey: (Jumping out of his way) See ya!! (To the girls.) What the hell was that?!	yes
Monica: Probably some y'know, European good-bye thing he picked up in London.	can't say
Rachel: That's not European!	yes
Phoebe: Well, it felt French. (Joey is intrigued.)	0
[Scene: The hallway between the apartments, Rachel is returning from her date with Dave.]	Happy
Rachel: Oh God, I really had a good time!	Happy
Dave: Yeah, me too. (They reach her door.) So, I guess this is it.	Happy
Rachel: Yeah. Umm, unless you wanna come inside?	Happy
Dave: Yeah!	can't say
Rachel: Okay. Oh, uh, wait a minute, y'know what? I uh, I can't decide this. Umm, okay, just hold on a second.	can't say
Dave: Okay, yeah! (She enters the apartment, leaving Dave in the hallway, to find Ross sitting on the couch with a big box.)	can't say
Rachel: Umm, hi!	can't say
Ross: Hi.	can't say
Rachel: Is Monica around? I-I have to ask her something.	can't say
Ross: She's doing her laundry.	can't say
Rachel: What's that? (Points to the box.)	Unhappy
Ross: It came in the mail today, it's uh, 72 long-stemmed red roses, one for each day that I've known and loved Emily, cut up into mulch!	Unhappy
Rachel: Oh, honey that's awful.	can't say
Ross: Oh, it's not so bad. Monica's gonna make potpourri! I think I'm gonna go wander out in the rain for a while.	can't say
Rachel: But, it's not raining.	yes
Ross: I can't catch a break!	can't say
Rachel: Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? (She goes out to talk to Dave) Hey, Dave!	can't say
Dave: Yeah?	can't say
Rachel: Umm, listen, I'm gonna need to take a rain check, my roommate is just really sick. Okay? Bye! (She goes back in to talk to Ross.) Honey, listen, I know, I know things seem so bad right now.	can't say
Monica: (Poking her head in) Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah. (She goes out to join her in the hall and starts looking for the dropped socks.)	can't say
Monica: What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!	can't say
Rachel: Ohh! You did not drop any socks!	can't say
Monica: I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?	can't say
Rachel: Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted&#133;tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.	can't say
Monica: (Gasps) What?!! You cannot tell him that!!	yes
Rachel: Why? Why not?! People love to hear that!	can't say
Monica: I make the decisions, and I say no.	yes
Rachel: Well, y'know what, no, you do not make my decisions because y'know what, you're fired.	yes
Monica: You can't fire me. I make your decisions and I say, &quot;I'm not fired!&quot; Ha!	can't say
Rachel: Well&#133; (At a loss for words, she grabs some of Monica's laundry and throws it on the floor as a diversion to allow Rachel to run back inside and close the door. Monica chases her to find that Rachel had locked the door.)	can't say
Monica: Rachel!! Come on! Let me in!	can't say
Joey: (Poking his head out.) Havin' some trouble?	can't say
Monica: Rachel locked the door.	can't say
Joey: I'll kick that door in if you give me a little sugar. Commercial Break	0
[Scene: The hallway, continued from earlier. Monica is still locked out.]	can't say
Monica: Rachel! Let me in! Rachel! [Cut to inside the apartment, Ross decides to let Monica in and goes over and opens the door in mid-pound.]	can't say
Monica: Thank you. Rachel, can I talk to you outside for a sec?	can't say
Rachel: No.	can't say
Monica: I really need to talk to you.	can't say
Rachel: Well, then talk!	can't say
Monica: Okay, I will. Remember that thing that we just discussed that you wanted to do?	can't say
Rachel: Yes!	can't say
Ross: What thing?	can't say
Monica: Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might (Turns to look at Ross) end up hurting.	Unhappy
Ross: Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. (Looks at the rose mulch.) My God, think of the massacre.	can't say
Rachel: I'm gonna do it.	can't say
Monica: All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.	can't say
Rachel: But I&#133;	can't say
Monica: Please!	can't say
Rachel: All right, fine. (There's a loud bang on the door.)	can't say
Monica: Joey, I'm in!	Unhappy
Joey: (In tremendous pain) All right. Good deal.	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Chandler, Monica, and Rachel are there as Phoebe enters.]	Happy
All: Pheebs! Hey Pheebs!	can't say
Joey: Uh, okay, Pheebs?	can't say
Phoebe: Yeah?	can't say
Joey: Umm, y'know how the other day you were talking about how you didn't get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out?	can't say
Phoebe: Yeah?	Happy
Joey: All right, well, we felt really bad about that so we decided we should all take a little trip together!	Happy
Phoebe: Ohh, that's so nice! How great! Well, where? Where's the trip?!	can't say
Monica: Well, we thought we would all go to a picnic (Phoebe gasps), in Central Park!	can't say
Phoebe: (excited) Central&#133;(not so excited) Park!	Happy
Joey: Yeah, all of us! All day!	??
Phoebe: That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? &quot;Well, it's right by my house, all right!&quot;	yes
Chandler: Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea. (Gets up to leave.)	yes
Rachel: (stopping him) Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just&#151;y'know&#151;stop it!	can't say
Chandler: I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.	yes
Phoebe: That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.	can't say
Monica: Makes me wanna puke! (Chandler looks at her, quizzically.)	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel, Monica, Chandler, and Joey are there as Ross enters with Phoebe.]	Happy
Ross: Hey everybody, Pheebs is here!	Happy
Joey: Phoebe!	Happy
Chandler: Hey, Pheebs!	Happy
Rachel: Phoebe, woo!	Happy
Phoebe: Okay, woo! Hi.	Happy
Chandler: Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little&#133; Y'know, it didn't have any&#133; It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!	Happy
Phoebe: Ooh, Atlantic City! Oh, that's a great plan! Who's plan was that?	Happy
Joey: Mine!	can't say
Ross: Wait! It was my plan.	can't say
Joey: Nooo, I said we needed a new plan.	can't say
Ross: And, I came up with Atlantic City.	yes
Joey: Which, is the new plan!	can't say
Monica: Okay, well, why don't we all meet upstairs in an hour?	Happy
Phoebe: Okay! Ooh-ahh, I'm gonna go pack. I'm gonna go pack my ass off! (They all go pack except for Ross.)	can't say
Monica: Come on Rach, let's go.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, y'know what? I'm-I'm gonna meet you upstairs in a minute.	can't say
Monica: No! Rachel, you didn't find anyone so you can't tell him.	can't say
Rachel: Well, y'know what, that doesn't matter.	can't say
Monica: Okay, Rachel, do you have any idea how painful it is to tell someone that you love them and not have them say it back?	Unhappy
Rachel: Yeah, I-I don't care.	Unhappy
Monica: Okay. I-I can't watch. (Leaves as sits down to read the paper.)	can't say
Rachel: What 'cha readin'?	can't say
Ross: The paper.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, what's it about?	can't say
Ross: Events from around the globe.	can't say
Rachel: Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.	can't say
Ross: Sure. Once, at work I-I thought carbon dating was fossilized&#133;	can't say
Rachel: Okay, Ross, I'm really trying to tell you something here.	can't say
Ross: Yeah.	can't say
Rachel: Okay.	can't say
Ross: Go ahead.	can't say
Rachel: Umm, okay, I think I'm-I'm just gonna-just gonna say it. Just gonna say it. Uhh, (pause) I'm still in love with you Ross. (Ross is stunned.)	can't say
Ross: Wow. Umm&#133; Huh&#133; I'm-I'm not sure what to do with that right now. (Rachel starts laughing hysterically.)	can't say
Ross: What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean.	can't say
Rachel: (Laughing) I'm so dead serious. I'm totally serious.	can't say
Ross: Why are you laughing?	yes
Rachel: Because (laughs), because, I just heard it. I heard it, and it's ridiculous! I mean, you're married. You're-you're married and it's just ridiculous, and it's like, it's like when said it, I sort of like, I floated up out of my body, y'know? And, and-and then I heard myself say it and then the floating Rachel (laughs) was like, &quot;You are such an idiot!&quot;	yes
Ross: Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding.	can't say
Rachel: (laughs) I'm sorry, that's not funny.	can't say
Ross: Actually, it kinda is. My wife won't return my calls. I don't know where my wife is. (Laughs) &quot;Hey Ross, where's the Mrs.?&quot; Don't know!	can't say
Rachel: Oh God, ohh, okay, y'know what, do you think ah, do you think that you just forget that I told you this?	can't say
Ross: Well, I kinda half to. I mean, because the thing is&#133;	can't say
Rachel: The thing is y'know, that you're married to Emily.	can't say
Ross: That is what the thing is.	can't say
Rachel: Ross, things aren't gonna be weird between us, right? I mean was that just the stupidest thing, me telling you that?	Happy
Ross: No. No. No, I'm-I'm glad you did. Look, if nothing else, it's-it's always great when someone tells you they love you.	Happy
Rachel: That's what I said! Thank you for being so nice. (They hug.)	Happy
Ross: No thank you for&#133; Thank you.	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang is about ready to leave for Atlantic City.]	Happy
Ross: Okay, let's go!	Happy
Chandler: Atlantic City!	Happy
Phoebe: Atlantic City, baby! Let's roll some bones! Hey Joey, high-five for rolling bones! (They high-five and howl, but Phoebe suddenly stops and the guys gasp and retreat in shock.)	yes
Joey: Uh, Pheebs, you're leaking?	can't say
Monica: Oh my God! You're water broke! The Guys: Ohh!	can't say
Phoebe: All right. Well, don't worry, I call shotgun! (She starts out the door.)	can't say
All: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait-wait!	can't say
Chandler: Pheebs! We have to take you to the hospital now!	can't say
Ross: Pheebs, Pheebs, the babies are coming now.	Happy
Rachel: High-five, the babies are coming! (They all high-five.)	Happy
Phoebe: Wait, wait, remember when my water broke? (They all high-five again.) Ending Credits	0
[Scene: The hallway between the apartments, they are taking Phoebe to the hospital but Chandler and Monica hold back.]	Happy
Monica: I can't believe Phoebe's gonna have her babies!	Happy
Chandler: I know, it's beautiful. Amazing. (They both kiss.)	can't say
Chandler: Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.	can't say
Monica: Do you know anything about women?	can't say
Chandler: No.	can't say
Monica: That's all right.	0
Chandler: Okay. (They kiss again.) End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(136,0) (194, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/503t100.htm" rectangle="(69,0) (125, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(0,1) (60, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/501arsr.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="12674" endspan -->	0
The One Hundredth Written by: Marta Kauffman &amp; David Crane Transcribed by: Eric Aasen	0
[Scene: The Hospital, Phoebe is arriving with Ross, Joey, and Rachel in tow.]	Happy
Phoebe: (to the nurse) Hi.	Happy
Nurse: Hi.	can't say
Phoebe: Hi, yeah, hi! I'm umm, Phoebe Buffay, and I have babies coming out of me.	can't say
Nurse: Okay. Have you started having contractions?	can't say
Phoebe: Not yet. Umm, I heard they really hurt, do they hurt?	can't say
Nurse: Well&#133;	can't say
Phoebe: Oh my God!	can't say
Ross: It's all right.	can't say
Nurse: Now, which of you is the father? (Points to Joey and Ross)	can't say
Phoebe: Oh no, none of them are the father. The father is my brother.	can't say
Nurse: (not sure what to do with that) Okay&#133;	yes
Rachel: I am so gonna miss watching you freak people out like that!	can't say
Joey: Okay, uh Pheebs, quick. Look! This (His video camera) is for the babies to look at someday, so is-is there anything you want to say? Y'know before it all starts?	can't say
Phoebe: Oh, okay, umm, hi kids! Um, it's me, Aunt Phoebe. I can't wait to see you. Please don't hurt me! (Monica and Chandler come running in.)	can't say
Ross: Hey, what took you guys so long? Your cab left when ours did! (There's a pause as they figure out what to say.)	can't say
Monica: Well, we-we had to go back because I forget my jacket.	can't say
Chandler: That's right. (Both Rachel and Ross stare at her for a moment.)	can't say
Rachel: You-you're not wearing a jacket.	can't say
Monica: Oh man! I did it again!	can't say
Phoebe: (standing up) Okay, so umm, somebody has to call Frank and Alice. (As she is talking Joey is sticking the camera under her skirt.) And then my mom wants to know-(notices Joey)-Joey, what are you doing?!	can't say
Joey: I gotta get the before shot! (She shakes her head no.) Opening Credits	0
[Scene: The delivery room, Rachel and Ross are entering.]	can't say
Rachel: Hi, Pheebs? Okay, so just spoke to the nurse and the reason that your doctor is late is because uh, she's not coming.	can't say
Phoebe: What?!	can't say
Ross: Apparently she fell in the shower and hit her head.	can't say
Phoebe: Oh my God, she's so stupid!	can't say
Ross: Look, Pheebs-Pheebs, it's gonna be okay.	yes
Phoebe: That's easy for you to say, I don't see three kids coming out your vagina!	can't say
Rachel: Honey, listen, y'know what? The nurse said the doctor is wonderful.	can't say
Ross: Yeah, he's head of the department.	Unhappy
Phoebe: All right&#151;Ooh! Oh dead God, save me!	can't say
Monica: What?	can't say
Phoebe: I'm having my first contraction!	can't say
Chandler: Oh no.	can't say
Phoebe: Ooh, it's not bad.	can't say
Chandler: Okay.	can't say
Joey: Oh! (In an announcer type voice) And so the miracle of life begins, and aaiiyyyeeee! (He grabs his side and doubles over in pain.)	can't say
Chandler: Hey! You okay?	can't say
Joey: Ooh, something hurts!	can't say
Phoebe: Ooh, it's sympathy pains. Ohh, that's so sweet!	yes
Joey: Are they? I didn't know I cared that much. (The doctor, Dr. Harad, enters.)	Happy
Ross: Hello. Dr. Harad: Hi! Phoebe, I'm Dr. Harad, I'm going to be delivering your babies. I want you to know, you're gonna be in good hands. I've been doing this for a long time. I'll be back in a minute to do your internal, in the meantime, just relax because everything here looks great. And also, I love Fonzie. (Exits)	can't say
Chandler: Did he just say, he loves Fonzie?	can't say
Monica: That's what it sounded like.	can't say
Chandler: All right&#133;	Happy
Frank: (entering) Hey!	Happy
All: Hey!	can't say
Frank: (To Phoebe) Hey! Am I late? Am I late? Nobody came out yet, right?	can't say
Phoebe: No-no-no! We haven't started yet. Where's Alice?	can't say
Frank: Uh, Delaware. She's on her way though, so until she gets here, I'm gonna be your coach. But don't worry, she told me all about the la-Mazada stuff.	yes
Chandler: Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.	can't say
Frank: Yeah.	0
[Scene: The waiting room, Monica and Joey are sitting there.]	Happy
Rachel: (entering) Monica? You gonna be very proud of me. I just got us dates with two unbelievably cute nurses.	yes
Joey: Oh my!	Happy
Rachel: They're male nurses.	yes
Joey: Not in my head.	Happy
Rachel: Anyway, they want to take us out Saturday night! What do you say?	can't say
Monica: Umm. (Looks at Chandler who is using the phone.) Umm. Umm. I don't think so.	can't say
Rachel: What? What are you talking about?! You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on. I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me. Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.	can't say
Monica: Umm, why don't you give me something that would be a good reason and-and then I'll tell you if it's true.	can't say
Rachel: What?	can't say
Monica: Harder than it sounds. Isn't it?	can't say
Rachel: Okay, you're coming with me, and I also told them that if we're still here when they get off that we'll go down to the cafeteria and have some Jell-O with them.	yes
Joey: (in a sexy voice) Yep! There's always room for Jell-O&#133;	yes
Rachel: Joey, how do you make that dirty?	Happy
Joey: Oh, it's easy. Yeah, I-I can do it with anything. Watch uh, (snaps his fingers and in a sexy voice) Grandma's chicken salad&#133;	0
[Scene: The delivery room, Chandler, Frank, and Ross are with Phoebe.]	Happy
Joey: (entering) Ross! Get a shot of this. (He's carrying an issue of the USA Today and hands Ross the camera.) Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies&#133; (Throws the paper away to reveal a copy of Playpen, which is the TV version of Playboy Magazine.) Check it out, huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right, now let's dive right into the good stuff. (Joey opens the magazine and Ross sticks the camera in it.)	can't say
Phoebe: Oh, okay, I'm having another one! This one doesn't hurt either&#151;Ooh, yes it does! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ooh! (Checks under the blanket.) Oh, I was kinda hoping that was it.	can't say
Ross: Hey, where are Monica and Rachel anyway?	can't say
Joey: Oh, a couple of nurses asked them out. Maybe they're with them.	can't say
Chandler: Really? Male nurses?	can't say
Joey: Yeah, I was bummed too.	can't say
Chandler: So they're going on dates? When?	can't say
Joey: I think Saturday&#151;(groans in pain again).	can't say
Frank: (To Phoebe) What's with him?	can't say
Phoebe: Umm, sympathy pains. I thought it was really sweet at first, but now I think he's just trying to steal my thunder. Dr. Harad: (entering) Okay!	can't say
Phoebe: Hey. Dr. Harad: Let's see what we got here. Ohh, y'know, Fonzie dated triplets.	can't say
Chandler: This-this Fonzie person you keep referring too, is that uh, is that another doctor? Dr. Harad: Oh no-no-no. Fonzie is the nickname of Arthur Fonzerelli. The Fonz.	can't say
Chandler: All right. (Dr. Harad exits.)	can't say
Frank: It's not that weird, is it?	yes
Phoebe: It's very weird! I don't want some guy down there telling me, I'm y'know, dilatedamundo!	can't say
Ross: To be fair, he doesn&#146;t seem to be impersonating Fonzie&#133;	can't say
Phoebe: (interrupting) What are you doing?!! Why are you defending him?! Just get me another doctor! One who is not crazy and who is not Fonzie!	can't say
Ross: Again, it's not that he&#133; (Phoebe fakes pain to get Ross looking for another doctor.)	0
[Scene: The waiting room, Chandler is looking for Monica.]	can't say
Chandler: (spotting her) Oh-hey-hey-hey! There you are!	can't say
Monica: Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.	can't say
Chandler: Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.	can't say
Monica: Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.	can't say
Chandler: Fine! Maybe I will too!	can't say
Joey: (entering from the elevator caring gifts for the kids) Hey, you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop. (He doubles over in pain in front an old man in a wheel chair.) Get up! Get up! Get up! (The old man waves him away.)	0
[Scene: The delivery room, Ross has returned with another doctor. This one, is well, younger.]	can't say
Ross: Okay, Phoebe, this Dr. Oberman. He has no strong feelings about Fonzie or any of the Happy Days gang.	yes
Phoebe: Hi! And you're going into what grade? Dr. Oberman: Umm, I'm actually a first year resident, but I get that a lot, you see, I-I graduated early&#133;	yes
Phoebe: (interrupting) Uh-huh, me too. Ross, maybe I should've specified that I'd be needing a grown up doctor. Dr. Oberman: Oh no, I'm fully qualified to&#133;	yes
Phoebe: Shh! Doogie, shh! Doesn't anybody understand that I'm gonna be having babies soon? Huh? Go! Go little boy, go! (He runs out and Frank watches him go.)	yes
Frank: Oh cool! You made him cry!	can't say
[Scene: Another hospital room, Joey has now been admitted and his doctor is about to break the bad news to him, Monica, and Chandler.] Joey's Doctor: Mr. Tribbiani, I'm afraid you've got kidney stones.	can't say
Joey: Umm, well, what else could it be? Joey's Doctor: It's kidney stones.	can't say
Joey: Or? Joey's Doctor: Kidney stones!	Happy
[Scene: The delivery room, Dr. Harad is back and checking on Phoebe.] Dr. Harad: All right, you're getting there. Oh, and y'know, these babies are very, very lucky.	Happy
Phoebe: They are. Why? Dr. Harad: They have the honor of being born on The Fonz's half-birthday.	Happy
Phoebe: Happy birthday! Dr. Harad: Just-just to clarify, I'm not Fonzie. (Phoebe nods in agreement as he leaves.)	Happy
Rachel: Honey, y'know I just gotta tell you, I think this is such a terrific thing you're having these babies for Frank and Alice.	Happy
Phoebe: I know, it is.	Happy
Rachel: Yeah!	Happy
Phoebe: Can I tell you a little secret?	can't say
Rachel: Yeah!	can't say
Phoebe: I want to keep one. (Giggles in excitement.)	can't say
Rachel: Ohh, I'm gonna be on the news! Commercial Break	0
[Scene: The delivery room, continued from earlier.]	can't say
Rachel: Okay, Phoebe, honey, you gotta be kidding. I mean, you know you cannot keep one of these babies!	can't say
Phoebe: Why not?! Maybe I can, you don't know!	can't say
Rachel: Yes! Yes! Yes, I do! I do know! Frank and Alice are gonna want to keep all of their children!	can't say
Phoebe: Maybe not! Y'know? Seriously, three babies are a handful maybe they're y'know, looking for a chance to unload one of them. Listen, I-I hate to miss an opportunity just because I didn't ask! Y'know?	can't say
Rachel: Phoebe, no! This is, this is insane.	can't say
Phoebe: Oh, just ask him!	can't say
Rachel: Me?!	can't say
Phoebe: I can't ask him! Do you have any idea how inappropriate that would be?! All I'm saying is just talk to Frank. Okay? Just, y'know, feel him out!	can't say
Rachel: No! Forget it! I am not gonna ask Frank to give you one of his kids!!	can't say
Phoebe: You're right. (There's an awkward silence then suddenly Phoebe gets an idea.)	can't say
Phoebe: Tell him it's for you.	0
[Scene: Joey's room, his doctor, Chandler, and Monica are there.]	can't say
Monica: Feeling a little better sweetie?	Unhappy
Joey: Well, maybe a little. I wish you hadn't seen me throw up.	yes
Monica: Me too.	can't say
Ross: (entering) Hey! I just heard. What's up? Joey's Doctor: Kidney stones! Now, ordinarily Mr. Tribbiani, we try to break up the stones up with shock waves, but they're to close to the bladder now. Which means we can either wait for you to pass them or else go up the urethra&#133;	can't say
Joey: (interrupting) Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option&#151;what's a urethra? (Monica whispers what it is in his ear.) Are you crazy?!	0
[Scene: The delivery room, Rachel and Frank are there.]	can't say
Phoebe: (To Rachel) So did you ask him?	can't say
Rachel: No, I haven't had a chance to be alone with him yet.	can't say
Phoebe: Well, I'm kinda on a clock here. Dr. Harad: (laughing) Oh Fonzie.	yes
Rachel: Y'know who I always liked? Mork. (Dr. Harad drops what he's doing and stares at her.)	can't say
Phoebe: Undo it. Undo it. Undo it. Dr. Harad: Fonzie met Mork. Mork froze Fonzie.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, but umm&#133; Yes, but, Fonzie was already cool, so he wasn't hurt, right? Dr. Harad: Yeah, that's right.	Happy
Monica: (entering with Chandler) Hey!	Happy
Phoebe: Hi!	can't say
Monica: (To Phoebe) How are you doing?	can't say
Phoebe: Okay, doctor says any minute now.	can't say
Frank: Hey, y'know, Alice is gonna be here so soon, you couldn't just like do me a favor and like, like hold them in?	yes
Phoebe: Sorry Frank, I'm kinda in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do. (A male nurse enters.) Male Nurse: Hey!	Happy
Rachel: Hi! Male Nurse: Rachel.	Happy
Rachel: Monica, this is Dan (points to him), one of the guys that we're gonna be going out with on Saturday. (Mouths &quot;He's yours.&quot; to her.) Uh Dan, Monica.	Happy
Dan: Nice to meet you.	Happy
Monica: Hello Dan! I'm really looking forward to Saturday night! Really, really!	yes
Chandler: So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?	can't say
Monica: Chandler!	can't say
Dan: Nah that's okay. I'm just doing this to put myself through medical school.	can't say
Chandler: Oh.	can't say
Dan: And it didn't feel so girlie during the Gulf War.	can't say
Chandler: Sure. (Pause) And listen, thanks for doing that for us, by the way. (Retreats in defeat.)	can't say
Monica: So, why wait 'til Saturday, are you free tomorrow?	can't say
Dan: Sure! I'll get somebody to cover my shift.	can't say
Monica: Oh, great!	can't say
Chandler: (to another female nurse) Hey, how 'bout it? You, me, Saturday night? Delivery Room Nurse: No.	can't say
Chandler: All right. Very good.	can't say
Phoebe: Oo, this is a big one. Eww! Arghhhh!! [Cut to Joey's room, who's going throw his own contractions. Plus, he has Ross in a headlock.]	can't say
Joey: Ohh, get these things out of me!	can't say
Ross: Breathe! Breathe! Breathe throw the pain. (Joey starts breathing hard)	can't say
Joey: I want the drugs Ross, I want the drugs! (He starts rocking back and forth, taking Ross with him.)	yes
Ross: I do too! I do too!	can't say
Joey: Argh!	can't say
Ross: Argh!	can't say
Joey: Argh!	can't say
Ross: Argh!	0
[Scene: The waiting room, Frank is on the phone as Rachel approaches.]	can't say
Frank: Yeah, I love you. Okay, bye! (To Rachel) Hi!	can't say
Rachel: Hi!	can't say
Frank: That was Alice's mom, she said she left five hours ago. She should be here by now!	can't say
Rachel: Oh, honey, don&#146;t worry. She's gonna make it on time.	can't say
Frank: Yeah.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah. So Frank, three babies. Whew, that just seems like a lot, huh?	Happy
Frank: (laughs) Not to me.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, fair enough.	can't say
[Scene: The delivery room, later on, Rachel, Chandler, Monica, and Frank are there as Dr. Harad is checking out Phoebe.] Dr. Harad: Okay, you're at ten centimeters. Time to start having some babies. All right, I want only the father in here please. (They all kiss her and wish her luck.)	can't say
Monica: Bye Dan!	can't say
Dan: Uh, bye Monica.	can't say
Chandler: Bye, momi-moo. (Everyone except Frank leaves.) Dr. Harad: All right, I need a clamp, sterile towel, and channel 31.	can't say
Phoebe: What is that? (Dan turns on the TV and the Happy Days theme song comes on.)	can't say
Phoebe: Oh my God! Dr. Harad: Oh, no-no-no, it's a good one! Fonzie plays the bongos. All right, are you ready? It's time to start pushing. [Cut to Joey's room, his doctor and Ross are there.] Joey's Doctor: Are you ready? It's time to try peeing. (Joey makes a face like he is trying to pee.) Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait! It's almost time to try peeing. (Points at the bottle Joey is to pee into.) [Cut to the delivery room.] Dr. Harad: Okay, now push! That's it push! Just concentrate on pushing! Yeah, here we go!	can't say
Dan: I see the head.	Happy
Frank: Yes, it has a head! Dr. Harad: All right. Keep pushing! Come on!	Happy
Frank: I can't believe there's somebody coming out of you right now. There's somebody coming out of you! Is it? Is it? It's my son. Dr. Harad: All right. Here's your first baby. [Cut to the waiting room, a triumphant Frank rushes in.]	Happy
Frank: YESSSSS!!!!! We got a baby boy!!	Happy
Chandler: Yes!	Happy
Frank: Frank Jr. Jr.!!	Happy
Rachel: Oh, how does he look? How does he look?	can't say
Frank: So gross! (He runs back to the delivery room.) [Cut to the delivery room, Phoebe is about to give birth to the middle kid.] Dr. Harad: Okay. You ready to push again?	can't say
Phoebe: I already had a baby. Leave me alone.	can't say
Frank: Okay, okay, come on, you can do it. You can do it! (Phoebe screams in pain, and Frank screams with her.) [Cut to the waiting room, a twice triumphant Frank returns.]	Happy
Frank: Yeah!! Little Leslie is here! We got another one! Oh my God, I can't believe I have two-two children. How scary is that? (He returns to the delivery room.) [Cut to the delivery room, Phoebe is at it for the last time.]	Happy
Frank: Come on little Chandler, it's time to be born. Come on little Chandler! Come on! Dr. Harad: All right, he's coming. He's coming! (They both stare at the newborn.)	can't say
Frank: Hey, where's his thing? [Cut to the waiting room, a thrice triumphant Frank returns again.]	can't say
Frank: Chandler's a girl!	can't say
Chandler: Oh God, kindergarten flashback.	can't say
Frank: They musta read the sonogram wrong. 'Cause they, 'cause they thought it was a boy, but Chandler's a girl! Chandler's a girl!	yes
Chandler: Okay, keep saying it!	can't say
Alice: (running in from the elevator) Am I too late?!	Happy
Frank: No-no ah, everything's okay. Everybody's healthy there's 30 fingers and 30 toes.	Happy
Alice: We have our babies?	Happy
Frank: Yeah.	Happy
Alice: (Starting to cry) Oh, we have our babies. (They hug. And quickly that hug turns into a heated make out session, right there on the waiting room couch. Chandler, Rachel, and Monica quickly make their exits.)	0
[Scene: Joey's room, he is recovering from his birth.]	Unhappy
Joey: Oh my God.	yes
Ross: You did it, man. Joey's Doctor: Would you like to see them? (He hands Joey a little jar.)	yes
Joey: They're so small! (Both he and Ross look at them with satisfied looks on their faces.)	0
[Scene: A hallway, Monica and Dan are talking.]	can't say
Dan: So, I'll call you tomorrow.	can't say
Monica: Great! (Dan leaves as Chandler enters.)	can't say
Chandler: So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?	can't say
Monica: Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.	yes
Chandler: Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary&#133; Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.	can't say
Monica: I think you're better than you think you are.	can't say
Chandler: Really? Okay, so&#133;	yes
Monica: (interrupting) Know when to stop.	can't say
Chandler: Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?	can't say
Monica: Yeah. All right, I'm gonna go tell Dan that it's not gonna happen. (They kiss and as she starts to leave, Chandler starts to dance. Without turning around.) Don't do the dance.	can't say
Chandler: Right!	0
[Scene: The delivery room, everyone except Rachel is there. Phoebe, Monica, and Ross are holding the babies.]	can't say
Monica: I think you're my favorite.	can't say
Phoebe: Which one do you have?	can't say
Monica: I don't care.	can't say
Rachel: (entering) Hi. (To Phoebe) Hey, hi! So uh, Frank and Alice wanted me to tell you that they're still outside making phone calls.	can't say
Phoebe: But umm, I mean, did you talk to them about, y'know&#133;	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, umm, no honey.	can't say
Phoebe: Oh. It was a long shot. Hey, you guys can I just like have a second alone with the babies.	can't say
All: Yeah, sure yeah. Yeah. (They hand her the babies and leave them alone.)	can't say
Phoebe: So, here you are. It seems like yesterday I was talking to you in that little petri dish. Everyone said labor was the hardest thing I'd ever have to do, but they were wrong this is. Oh, I had the most fun with you guys! I wish I could take you home and see you everyday. Okay, I'll settle for being your favorite Aunt. I know Alice's sister has a pool, but you lived in me. Okay, so we're cool. Yeah, we're gonna be great. Little high fives! (Imitates the high fives.) Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! (One of the babies begins to cry.) Well, if you're gonna cry. (She starts crying.) Ending Credits	0
[Scene: The delivery room, everyone is hanging out with Phoebe. Frank, Alice, and the kids aren't there.]	Happy
Monica: Phoebe, we are so proud of you! You're amazing!	Happy
Phoebe: I know.	can't say
Rachel: So does it really hurt as bad as they say?	can't say
Phoebe: Yeah. You won't be able to take it.	can't say
Chandler: So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her?	yes
Phoebe: They're gonna call her Chandler.	can't say
Chandler: That's kind of a masculine name, don't you think?	yes
Phoebe: Works on you. End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (136,1) (193, 59)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/504pbs.htm" rectangle=" (68,1) (126, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle=" (0,1) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/502kiss.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="20082" endspan -->	0
The One Where Phoebe Hates PBS Written by: Michael Curtis Transcribed by: Eric Aasen	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel has just gotten home and is going through the mail. She finds something that's Monica's and goes over and knocks on her closed bedroom door.]	Happy
Monica: (In a sexy voice) Come in. I've been waiting for you. (Rachel enters.)	can't say
Rachel: Hi! I just wanna-(sees Monica)-Ahhh!!! Oh my God! (She runs out in horror.) Oh my God!	can't say
Monica: (pulling on a robe) Okay, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I-I-I was um, I was taking a nap.	can't say
Rachel: Since when do take naps in that position. Oh God Monica, tell me you were waiting for a guy! Please tell me you were waiting for a guy!	can't say
Monica: Yes. Yes, I was. A guy. From work. (Thinks) I'm seeing a guy from work! Ha!	can't say
Rachel: (Gasps) That cute waiter guy from your restaurant, the one that looks like a non-threatening Ray Liotta?	can't say
Monica: Uh-huh, that one!	can't say
Rachel: Y'know what, just give me a second and I'll be out of your hair. I'm just gonna grab a jacket. When I get back, I want every little detail. (There's a knock on the door.) Maybe that's him. (Goes to answer the door.)	can't say
Monica: (Panicking) Okay, umm, okay, umm&#133; (Rachel opens the door.) It's just Joey and Ross.	can't say
Rachel: Why aren't you guys at the movie?	can't say
Joey: Well, we were! But Ross was talking so loud on his phone they threw us out!	can't say
Ross: I had to talk loud because the movie was loud!	yes
Joey: (to Monica and Rachel) He's talking to London!	can't say
Monica: But why?! Did he get in touch with Emily?	can't say
Joey: Well no, not yet. He's calling everyone on her side of the family hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.	can't say
Ross: (on phone) I-I-I don't care if I said some other girl's name you prissy, old twit!	yes
Joey: Ross! Way to suck up to the family.	yes
Chandler: (entering, happily, with a bottle of champagne, thinking that Monica is the only one there) Ha-ha-ha-(sees everyone)-enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper! Opening Credits	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning, Phoebe, Chandler, Ross, and Monica are eating breakfast.]	Happy
Joey: (entering, wearing a tux) Hey!	can't say
Chandler: Oh no-no-no-no-no-no, vomit tux! No-no, vomit tux!	can't say
Joey: Don't worry, I had it dry-cleaned.	can't say
Monica: Vomit tux? Who vomited on&#151;y'know what, what you up to Joe?	Happy
Joey: Well, I'm doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!	Happy
Monica: Oh that's great!	Happy
Joey: A little uh, good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure, now that's the kind of math Joey likes to do!	can't say
Phoebe: Ugh, PBS!	can't say
Monica: What's wrong with PBS?	can't say
Phoebe: Ugh, what's right with them?	can't say
Joey: Why don&#146;t you like PBS, Pheebs?	Unhappy
Phoebe: Okay, 'cause right after my mom killed herself, I was just in this really bad place, y'know personally. So, I just thought that it'd make me feel better if I wrote to Sesame Street, 'cause they were so nice when I was a little kid! No one ever wrote back.	yes
Chandler: Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.	Unhappy
Phoebe: All I got was a lousy key chain! And by that time I was living in a box. I didn't have keys!	yes
Joey: I'm sorry Pheebs, I just, y'know, I just wanted to do a good deed. Like-like you did with the babies.	can't say
Phoebe: This isn't a good deed, you just wanted to get on TV! This is totally selfish.	yes
Joey: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What about you, having those babies for your brother? Talk about selfish!	can't say
Phoebe: What-what are you talking about?!	can't say
Joey: Well, yeah, it was a really nice thing and all, but it made you feel really good right?	can't say
Phoebe: Yeah. So?	can't say
Joey: It made you feel good, so that makes it selfish. Look, there's no unselfish good deeds, sorry.	can't say
Phoebe: Yes there are! There are totally good deeds that are selfless.	can't say
Joey: Well, may I ask for one example?	can't say
Phoebe: Yeah, it's&#133; Y'know there's&#151;no you may not! (They are standing on either side of Chandler as they discuss the point. Chandler, meanwhile, is disgusted with the whole argument.)	can't say
Joey: That's because all people are selfish.	can't say
Phoebe: Are you calling me selfish?!	yes
Joey: Are you calling you people? (Chandler rolls his eyes.) Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?	can't say
Phoebe: I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius. (Ross's phone rings and he answers it.)	can't say
Ross: (on phone) Hello.	can't say
Emily: (on phone from London) Hello, Ross?	Happy
Ross: Emily? Emily! Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Emily! (He picks up a lamp and hands it to Chandler, for no reason.) It's Emily everyone! Shush-shush-shhst! (to Emily) Hi!	can't say
Emily: Ross, I'm only ringing to say stop harassing my relatives. Good-bye!	can't say
Ross: No wait! Look, wait! Okay, you can hang up, but I'm gonna keep calling! I'm gonna, I'm gonna call everyone in England if that's what it takes to get you to talk to me!	can't say
Emily: Really? About what?	can't say
Ross: Look you're my wife. We're-we're married. Y'know? I-I love you. I-I really miss you.	can't say
Emily: I miss you to. Well, at least I think I do.	Happy
Ross: (to the gang, whispering) She's talking.	Happy
All: (subdued) Yay! (He motions for them to keep quiet, including Chandler who is still holding the lamp Ross handed him, before he goes off to talk to Emily in private.)	can't say
Phoebe: Hey, Joey, when you said the deal with Santa Clause, you meant?	can't say
Joey: That he doesn't exist.	can't say
Phoebe: Right. (She turns and opens her eyes in shock.)	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Monica, and Rachel are there.]	can't say
Rachel: So Chandler, have you heard about Monica's secret boyfriend?	can't say
Chandler: Uhh, yeah. She uh, she uh, she uh might've mentioned him.	can't say
Rachel: So Mon, when are we gonna meet this new secret waiter man?	can't say
Monica: Ohh, he's really shy. I-I don&#146;t think he's up to meeting everyone yet.	can't say
Chandler: Yeah, I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.	can't say
Rachel: I don&#146;t care! I wanna meet this guy who's the best sex she ever had! (Chandler is quite pleased with that statement.)	Happy
Chandler: Really?! That's what you heard? (To Monica) You said that?	can't say
Monica: I might've said that. (Chandler laughs.) Why is that funny?	Happy
Chandler: Because I'm very happy for him! (To Monica) And you, you lucky dog!	Happy
Ross: (entering) Hi!	Happy
Monica: Hey!	Happy
Ross: Well, Emily's willing to work on the relationship.	Happy
Chandler: Yes!	Happy
Monica: That's great!	can't say
Ross: In London!	can't say
Monica: What?!	can't say
Ross: She wants me to move to London.	can't say
Monica: But you live here! (Ross rolls his eyes.) You know that.	can't say
Rachel: What-what-what are you gonna do?	can't say
Ross: I bet if I talk to Carol and Susan I can convince them to move to London with Ben.	yes
Monica: Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.	can't say
Ross: It could happen.	0
[Scene: Unitel Video, Studio 55, Joey's telethon, he is being shown around by the stage director.]	Happy
Joey: (To the pledge volunteers) How ya doin'? Welcome. Good to see ya! Stage Director: This will be your phone.	can't say
Joey: That's great. But uh, I'm not really expecting a lot of calls. Stage Director: No you answer it and take pledges.	can't say
Joey: But I'm the host! Stage Director: No, Gary Collins is the host. You'll be answering the phones.	can't say
Joey: You don't seem to understand. See, I was Dr. Drake Remoray. Stage Director: Well, here's your phone doctor. (She walks away.)	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe, Rachel, and Monica are there.]	can't say
Phoebe: I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!	can't say
Rachel: Maybe Joey's right. Maybe all good deeds are selfish.	yes
Phoebe: I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!	can't say
Chandler: (entering) Hey, Monica? Can I ask you a cooking question?	can't say
Monica: Sure!	can't say
Chandler: If you're cooking on the stove, does that mean that your new secret boyfriend is better in bed than Richard?	can't say
Rachel: Chandler! (Pause) Is he?	can't say
Monica: Well, y'know I-I-I think I'm gonna respect the privacy of my new secret boyfriend.	can't say
Chandler: Why?! I mean if this guy was me and it was me who had learned that it was me who was the best you'd ever had, I'd be going like this. (He jumps up onto the table and starts doing his happy dance.)	0
[Scene: Ross's apartment, he's on the phone with Emily.]	can't say
Ross: All right Emily, as much as I love you, I'm sorry, I can't move to London without Ben.	can't say
Emily: I understand that would be difficult.	can't say
Ross: Yeah, would you please consider moving here? I mean you were gonna move here anyway, why can't you just do that?	can't say
Emily: I don't know, it's just&#133;	can't say
Ross: Oh-oh-okay, but-but I know, that even though I've been a-a complete idiot up 'til now, I mean, I mean you-you-you have to come here. You have to come here so we can work this out.	can't say
Emily: All right.	can't say
Ross: All right, did you just say all right?	yes
Emily: I did. Now I'm the idiot.	Happy
Ross: Oh, Emily that is, that is so great. It's gonna be so great! We're gonna be like-like-like two idiots in love! (She laughs.)	can't say
Emily: Ross, there's one thing that really scares me still.	can't say
Ross: Yes, tell me.	can't say
Emily: Well, you have to understand how humiliating it was for me up on that altar in front of my entire family, all my friends.	can't say
Ross: I know. I am, I am so sorry.	can't say
Emily: And then after decided to forgive you, seeing you at the airport catching our plane with her.	can't say
Ross: Again, very sorry.	Unhappy
Emily: I mean, I can't-I can't be in the same room as her! It drives me mad just thinking of you being in the same room as her!	can't say
Ross: Emily, there is nothing between Rachel and me. Okay? I love you.	can't say
Emily: All right. I'll come to New York and we'll try and make this work.	can't say
Ross: Oh that is so great! That's&#133;	can't say
Emily: (interrupting him) As long as you don't see Rachel anymore. Commercial Break	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is telling Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler about Emily's ultimatum.]	can't say
Ross: So I asked Emily if she would come to New York, and she said yes.	Happy
Chandler: Yes!	Happy
Phoebe: Ooh-ohh!	Happy
Monica: Great!	Unhappy
Ross: No-no-no! Only if I promise never to see Rachel again.	can't say
Phoebe: Why?	can't say
Monica: What?! You can't&#151;what did you tell her?	yes
Ross: I told her I'd have to think about it. I mean, how the hell am I supposed to make this kind of a decision? (They're all quiet.) I'm actually asking you!	can't say
Chandler: Well, you can't just not see Rachel anymore, she's one of your best friends.	yes
Monica: Yeah! But, he can't not exactly see Emily, I mean that's his wife.	can't say
Phoebe: Yeah.	can't say
Chandler: That's true!	can't say
Phoebe: Yeah, but you've known Rachel since High School and you cannot just cut her out of your life.	can't say
Chandler: That's true!	can't say
Monica: No, you cannot.	can't say
Ross: Thanks for the help, problem solved. (Wipes his hands.) (The phone rings.)	can't say
Monica: (answering it) Hello.	can't say
Joey: (on phone) Hey Mon!	can't say
Monica: Oh hey Joey! We've been watching all day, when are you gonna be on TV?	can't say
Joey: See, there was kind of a mix up in my agent's office, but I'm still on TV and that's good exposure.	can't say
Monica: (Looking at the TV) You're not on TV.	Happy
Joey: Oh, uh, okay, how, how about now? (He waves his hand in front of the woman next to him and you can now see his arm on TV.)	Happy
Chandler: Hey, there he is! There he is!	Happy
Joey: Hello New York! (The woman bats his hand out of the way.)	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, the chick and the duck are watching Emeril Live, a cooking show.]	can't say
Emeril: (on TV.) Now maybe you just like wanna but the whole duck in there! Who cares, y'know? Now I got the legs&#133; (Chandler enters and sees what they're watching, panics, and runs to turn off the TV.)	Unhappy
Chandler: How many times have I told you guys, you never watch the cooking channel!	Happy
Monica: (entering) Hi Chandler.	Happy
Chandler: Hey!	can't say
Monica: Uh, listen, I need that broiling pan that Joey borrowed the other day.	can't say
Chandler: Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.	can't say
Monica: William Sonoma, fall catalog, Page 27.	can't say
Chandler: Expect it in 4-6 weeks. (She starts to leave.) Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.	can't say
Monica: Yeah, so?	can't say
Chandler: Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.	can't say
Monica: Y'know what, champ? I think I'll pass.	can't say
Chandler: Why?	can't say
Monica: Why? (She hops into the living room and imitates Chandler's happy dance.)	can't say
Chandler: What's your point?	0
[Scene: The Telethon, Joey's phone rings and he answers it.]	can't say
Joey: (in a bored voice) PBS telethon.	can't say
Phoebe: (on phone from Central Perk) Hey Joey, I just wanted to let you know that I found a selfless good deed. I just went down to the park and I let a bee sting me.	can't say
Joey: What?! What good is that gonna do anybody?	can't say
Phoebe: Well, it helps the bee look tough in front of his bee friends. The bee is happy and I am definitely not.	yes
Joey: Now, y'know the bee probably died after he stung ya.	Unhappy
Phoebe: (Thinks for a moment.) Aw, dammit! (Slams the phone down.) Stage Director: Back on in 30 seconds people! (Joey gets up and moves to the other end of his row to talk to the guy sitting there.)	can't say
Joey: Hey, excuse me, would you mind switching with me? PBS Volunteer: Hey, no way, I'm in the shot man.	can't say
Joey: Come on man! You've been here all day! PBS Volunteer: Yeah, I-I'm taking pledges here, eh? Stage Director: We're on in 3, 2, (points to Gary Collins.) Gary Collins: Welcome back to our fall telethon. Now if you've been enjoying the performance of Cirque Du Soleil, (As he is speaking, Joey and the volunteer getting into a shoving match.) and you'd like to see more of the same kind of programming, it's very simple. All you have to do (Joey is knocked down.) is call in your pledge and at that time tell the operator, one of our volunteers, what kind of programming you'd like to&#133; (Just as the volunteer sits down, Joey pulls him to the ground.)	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Phoebe are cooking, Chandler is reading a magazine.]	can't say
Ross: (entering) Okay, that's it. I cannot make this decision! It is too difficult, so I'm just gonna leave it entirely to the gods of fate. (He holds up and starts shaking a&#133;)	can't say
Monica: A Magic Eight ball?! You can't be serious, you can't make this decision with a toy!	can't say
Phoebe: Ooh, it's not a toy.	yes
Ross: Well, I don't know what else to do. I mean, I either keep my wife and lose one of my-my-my best friends or I keep my friend and get divorced the second time before I'm 30! So-so if anyone has-has a better suggestion, let's hear it! 'Cause I-I got nothing! All right, don't be shy, any suggestion will do. (There are none.) Okay then. Here we go. Magic 8 Ball, should I never see Rachel again? (He turns it over and reads the answer) Ask again later. Later is not good enough. (He shakes it up again and reads the answer.) Ask again later. What the hell! This is broken! It-it is broken!	yes
Monica: All right, let me see. (She grabs the 8 ball.) Will Chandler have sex tonight? (Reads the answer.) Don't count on it. Seems like it works to me.	0
[Scene: The Telethon, Joey answers his ringing phone.]	can't say
Joey: (in an unenthusiastic voice) PBS Telethon.	can't say
Phoebe: (on phone) Hi Joey.	can't say
Joey: Hey Pheebs!	can't say
Phoebe: I would like to make a pledge. I would like to donate $200.	yes
Joey: $200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean, after what Sesame Street did to ya?	can't say
Phoebe: Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it. So there, a selfless good deed.	can't say
Joey: And you don't a little good about donating the money?	can't say
Phoebe: No, it sucks. I was saving up to buy a hamster.	can't say
Joey: A hamster? What, those things are like 10 bucks.	Happy
Phoebe: Yeah, not the one I had my eye on. Gary Collins: (on TV.) It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total! Thank you viewers! The pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers&#133;(He walks over to where Joey is sitting.) Oh boy! And may I say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, (Joey stands up.) Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!	Happy
Phoebe: Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel&#151;Oh no! (Realizes that her deed made her happy and therefore it's selfish and covers her mouth in horror.)	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, later that day. Monica is coming out of the bathroom carrying her cleaning gear.]	Happy
Chandler: (entering) Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.	Happy
Monica: Keep talking.	Happy
Chandler: I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH&#133;MY&#133;GOD.	Happy
Monica: Really?	yes
Chandler: Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!	Happy
Monica: Well, if we owe it? (She throws down her cleaning stuff and jumps into his arms.) Oh my&#133; When is Joey gonna be home?	yes
Chandler: Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him. (She starts to take off her latex gloves.) Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.	can't say
Monica: But, I just cleaned the bathroom.	can't say
Chandler: Yeah, why don't we lose the gloves.	can't say
Monica: Yeah. (She takes them off.) (He carries her over to the door and opens it.)	Happy
Chandler: All right, let's show them how it's done.	Happy
Monica: Okay. (He starts to carry her into the hallway but hits her head on the door.)	can't say
Monica: Ow!	can't say
Chandler: Y'know that wasn't part of it?	can't say
Monica: I know! (He carries her into the hall.)	0
[Scene: Ross's apartment, Ross is prying at the Magic 8 Ball with a screwdriver as there's a knock on his door which he goes to answer.]	Happy
Rachel: (entering) Hi! Are you ready? We're gonna be late!	can't say
Ross: For what?	Happy
Rachel: For Stella! Remember? She's gettin' her grove back in like 20 minutes.	can't say
Ross: Yeah, I uh, totally forgot about that. You mind if I take a rain check? I'm waiting for a call from Emily.	Happy
Rachel: Sure. I guess. Hey, I hear you don't have to go to London. Yay!	can't say
Ross: It's not that easy, there's still a lot of relationship stuff.	can't say
Rachel: Like what?	can't say
Ross: Just stuff. Y'know kinda what Emily wants.	can't say
Rachel: Well, why don't you talk to me about it, maybe I can help.	can't say
Ross: No. No. You-you can't help. I mean, I kinda have to do this without your help.	can't say
Rachel: Well, I-I know you can do that too. I'm just, I'm just saying if you need somebody to talk to&#133; Hi!	can't say
Ross: Thanks.	can't say
Rachel: Ross? Look, whatever this relationship stuff that Emily wants, just give it to her. Come on, the bottom line here is that you love her. So just fix whatever she wants fixed. Just do it. (The phone starts ringing.) I mean, you're gonna have to try. You'll just gonna hate yourself if you don't. (The phone keeps ringing.) Oh come on answer it! It's driving me crazy!	0
Ross: (answering the phone.) Hello. (Listens) Hi sweetie. (Listens.) Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it. (Rachel gives him a thumbs up.) So will you come to New York? (Rachel wants to know what she said, and he gives her a thumbs up and she goes over and hugs him. All the time not knowing what's going on.) Ending Credits	0
[Scene: Central Perk, ??????? is playing, as Chandler peaks his head out of the storage closet and sneaks back to his seat and pretends he's reading something. Then a short while later Monica pokes her head out of the closet and sneaks back to her seat and sits down, pretending as if nothing has happened.]	can't say
Monica: Never done that before.	can't say
Chandler: Nope. End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(137,1) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(68,1) (127, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(0,1) (57, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/503t100.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="62329" endspan -->	0
The One With All the Kips Written by: Scott Silveri Transcribed by: Eric Aasen	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, 3:02 A.M., Chandler is up. There's a knock on the door and Chandler answers it.]	Happy
Monica: (quietly) Hi!	Happy
Chandler: (quietly) Hi! (They both start kissing.) (Joey enters and Chandler pushes her away.)	can't say
Joey: Monica? What time is it?	can't say
Chandler: Uhh, 9. (He pushes the clock into the sink.)	can't say
Joey: But it's dark out.	yes
Monica: Well that's because you always sleep to noon, silly! This is what 9 looks like.	can't say
Joey: I guess I'll get washed up then. Watch that sunrise. (He goes into the bathroom.)	can't say
Monica: I'm really getting tired of sneaking around.	Happy
Chandler: I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interruptions and we could be naked the entire time.	yes
Monica: All weekend? That's a whole lotta naked.	can't say
Chandler: Yeah, I can say that I have a conference and you can say you have a chef thing.	can't say
Monica: Ohh, I've always wanted to go to this culinary fair that they have in Jersey!	can't say
Chandler: Okay, y'know your not though. Let's go. (He starts for his bedroom.)	can't say
Monica: Wait! What about Joey? (Chandler opens the bathroom door to reveal Joey passed out on the toilet with a toothbrush in his mouth.) Opening Credits	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the next morning, Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe are eating breakfast.]	Happy
Monica: (entering from her room) Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this culinary fair in New Jersey.	can't say
Phoebe: Oh weird, Chandler just told us he's got a conference there!	yes
Monica: Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.	yes
Chandler: I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.	can't say
Ross: (entering) Hey.	Happy
Joey: Hey!	Happy
Monica: Hey.	can't say
Ross: Is Rachel here? I gotta talk to her.	can't say
Monica: No, she's out shopping.	can't say
Ross: Damn!	can't say
Chandler: What's going on?	can't say
Ross: I told Emily to come. And I just need to y'know, talk to Rachel about it.	can't say
Phoebe: Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?	can't say
Ross: Well look, I'm just trying to focus on the &quot;I get to see my wife,&quot; part, all right? And not the part that makes me do this. (He takes a big swig of Pepto Bismol.)	can't say
Monica: Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?	can't say
Ross: I have no idea. I mean&#133; But-but I assure you I will figure it out. (They all reflect briefly on what was said.)	yes
Joey: Doesn&#146;t seem like it's going to work, I mean&#133;	Happy
Rachel: (entering) Hi, guys!	Happy
Joey: Hi!	can't say
Chandler: Uh, hey!	can't say
Rachel: What's going on?	yes
Chandler: We're flipping Monica's mattress.	can't say
Joey: So I'm thinking, basically we pick it up and then we flip it.	can't say
Phoebe: Yeah that's better than my way. (They all agree and head to Monica's room.)	can't say
Rachel: Oh okay, hey guys, would you flip mine too?	can't say
Chandler: Aww, man! (They go into Monica's room.)	can't say
Rachel: (going through the mail) Oh look! A letter from my mom.	can't say
Ross: So, Rach, y'know-y'know how Emily's coming right?	can't say
Rachel: Oh yeah! I know. [Cut to Monica's bedroom, Chandler is trying to listen through the door.]	can't say
Phoebe: (To Chandler) Can you hear anything?	yes
Chandler: Oh yes, somebody just said, &quot;Can you hear anything?&quot; (Joey is bent over at the waist and is looking for something under Monica's bed.)	yes
Monica: Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?	can't say
Joey: (holding a box) Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I hid this in here.	Happy
Monica: Ooh, candy bars, crossword puzzles&#133;	Happy
Phoebe: Ooh, Madlibs, mine! (Grabs it.)	can't say
Chandler: Condoms?	yes
Joey: You don't know how long we're gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.	yes
Chandler: And condoms are the way to do that? [Cut to the living room.]	can't say
Ross: Anyway it-it kinda-it all boils down to this, the last time I talked to Emily&#133;	Unhappy
Rachel: (interrupting) Oh my God! My dog died!	can't say
Ross: What?!	Unhappy
Rachel: Oh my God, Le Poo, our dog!	yes
Ross: Le Poo's still alive?!	Unhappy
Rachel: Oh God, it says he was hit by an ice cream truck and dragged for nine-(turns over the note)-teen blocks. Oh. (They all come out from Monica's bedroom) Oh my God.	Unhappy
Monica: Sweetie, we heard you crying. Please don't cry.	Unhappy
Rachel: It's Le Poo.	yes
Phoebe: I know it's le poo right now, but it'll get better.	0
[Scene: Atlantic City, New Jersey, Chandler and Monica are about to start their weekend of sex, sex, nothing but sex.]	Happy
Chandler: (jumping on the bed) I can't believe it! We're here!	Happy
Monica: Ooh, chocolates on the pillows! I love that!	yes
Chandler: Oh, you should live with Joey, Roll-os everywhere.	Happy
Monica: Come here. (He does, and they kiss.) Okay, be right back. (Goes to the bathroom and Chandler turns on the TV and finds a high-speed police chase.)	Happy
Chandler: Oh yes! Monica, get in here! There's a high-speed car chase on! (Monica returns, carrying a glass.)	can't say
Monica: We're switching rooms.	yes
Chandler: (looks at what she's holding and shies away) Oh dear God, they gave us glasses!	can't say
Monica: No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change. (He glares at her.) Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?	can't say
Chandler: Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed! (He grabs their bags and sprints out.)	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is trying to tell Rachel about Emily's ultimatum again.]	can't say
Ross: Hey, so uh, y'know how there's something I wanted to talk to you about?	can't say
Rachel: Oh yeah! (Turns to face him.)	can't say
Ross: Well, y'know how I'm trying to work things out with Emily. Well, there's this one thing&#133; Okay, (Rachel has her back turned to the camera, and Ross isn't looking at her.) here goes. I made a promise that-(they cut to the other camera and Ross notices something coming out of Rachel's nose)-Oh hey!	can't say
Rachel: What?	can't say
Ross: You're nose is bleeding!	can't say
Rachel: Oh God. (He hands her some tissues.) No! Oh not again! (Wiping her nose.) This-this happened when my grandfather died. It's ugh! Sorry. (She puts her head back.) Oh, okay, so I'm sorry, what-what were you-what did you want to tell me?	can't say
Ross: Umm&#133; (Rachel blows her nose.)	can't say
Rachel: Sorry. Sorry.	can't say
Ross: Okay, I uh, I can't see you anymore.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, I know. It's ridiculous! I can't see you either.	can't say
[Scene: Chandler and Monica's weekend, a hotel clerk is showing them their new room.] Hotel Clerk: I think you'll find this room more to your liking.	can't say
Chandler: Okay, great. (He grabs the remote and turns on the TV to the chase.) Hotel Clerk: (watching the chase) They say he's only got half a tank left.	can't say
Chandler: Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!	can't say
Monica: We're switching rooms again.	can't say
Chandler: What? Why?	can't say
Monica: This is a garden view room, and we paid for an ocean view room. Hotel Clerk: Our last ocean view room was unacceptable to you.	can't say
Monica: (To Chandler) Excuse me, umm, can I talk to you over here for just a second?	can't say
Chandler: Uh-huh. (He doesn't take his eyes off the TV.)	can't say
Monica: Chandler!	can't say
Chandler: (turning to face her) Yeah.	can't say
Monica: Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a couple of suckers!	yes
Chandler: I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch-(realizes)-have a perfect, magical weekend together with you. [Time lapse, Monica and Chandler have changed rooms yet again.]	Happy
Monica: Okay, this one I like!	Unhappy
Chandler: (watching TV, in fact, ER is on.) Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!	can't say
Monica: Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?	yes
Chandler: Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun?	can't say
Monica: Hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!	yes
Chandler: Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?	yes
Monica: I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!	yes
Chandler: Do not speak ill of the dead.	can't say
Monica: We're supposed to uh, be spending a romantic weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?	can't say
Chandler: I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.	can't say
Monica: What did you say?	can't say
Chandler: I said, &quot;Geez, relax Monnnnn.&quot;	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is reading a magazine and has two tissues stuck up her nose in an attempt to stop the bleeding and as she hears Ross enter, she quickly hides her face behind the magazine and removes the tissues.]	can't say
Rachel: Hi!	can't say
Ross: Hey. Rachel, I-I-I've been wanting to tell you something for a while now and I really, I just have to get it out.	can't say
Rachel: Okay, what's up?	can't say
Ross: Okay, y'know how you told me I should do whatever it takes to fix my marriage?	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, I told you to give Emily whatever she wants.	can't say
Ross: And while that was good advice, you should know that what-what she wants&#133;	can't say
Rachel: Yeah?	can't say
Ross: &#133;is for me not to see you anymore.	Unhappy
Rachel: That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her? (Pause) (Realizes) Oh God. Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?	Unhappy
Ross: It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.	yes
Rachel: Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le Poo died!	Unhappy
Ross: You have no idea what a nightmare this has been. This is so hard.	yes
Rachel: Oh yeah, really? Is it Ross? Yeah? Okay, well let me make this a just a little bit easier for you.	can't say
Ross: What are you doing?	yes
Rachel: Storming out!	can't say
Ross: Rachel, this is your apartment.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, well that's how mad I am!! Commercial Break	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is returning from his disastrous weekend. He throws his bag down and sits down on one of the leather chairs, but he sits on something and picks it up and throws it away.]	can't say
Chandler: Damn Rollos!	Happy
Joey: Hey, you're back!	can't say
Chandler: Hey.	can't say
Joey: How was your conference?	can't say
Chandler: It was terrible. I fought with (Pause) my colleagues y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this? (Throws away another Rollo)	can't say
Joey: Oh, so your weekend was a total bust?	yes
Chandler: Uh, no, I got to see Donald Trump waiting for an elevator.	can't say
Monica: (entering) Hi!	Happy
Joey: Hey, you're back too!	can't say
Monica: Yeah. Umm, Chandler can I talk to you outside for a second?	can't say
Joey: Hey, how was your chef thing?	yes
Monica: Oh, it was awful. (To Chandler) I guess some people just don't appreciate really good food.	yes
Chandler: Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have diarrhea.	can't say
Monica: Chandler! (Motions for him to come outside.)	can't say
Chandler: Monica. (Follows her out.) [In the hall.]	can't say
Monica: Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.	can't say
Chandler: Okay, fine, $300.	can't say
Monica: 300 dollars?!	yes
Chandler: Yeah, just think of it as $25 per room!	can't say
Monica: Urghh!!	can't say
Joey: (sticking his head out the door) What are you guys woofing about?	yes
Monica: Chandler stole a twenty from my purse!	can't say
Joey: Nooooo!!! Y'know what? Now that I think about it, I constantly find myself without twenties and you always have lots!	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross is drinking some Alka-Seltzer. The rest of the gang, minus Rachel is there as well.]	Unhappy
Ross: You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.	can't say
Joey: You want my advice?	can't say
Ross: Yes! Please!	can't say
Joey: You're not gonna like it.	can't say
Ross: That's okay.	can't say
Joey: You got married to fast.	can't say
Ross: That's not advice!	yes
Joey: I told ya.	can't say
Ross: I'm going to the bathroom. (Gets up and exits.)	can't say
Joey: Man, if anyone asked me to give up any of you, I couldn't do it. Chandler and Phoebe: Yeah, me either.	yes
Monica: Maybe I could do it.	can't say
Rachel: (entering) Hi!	can't say
Joey: Hi, Rach.	can't say
Chandler: Hi!	can't say
Phoebe: Hey.	can't say
Monica: Hey.	Unhappy
Rachel: Look, I know you guys heard about the whole thing with me and Ross but y'know, I've been obsessing about it all day and I'd just love not to talk about it. All right?	yes
Joey: I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there. (Points over his shoulder.)	can't say
Rachel: That's not Ross!	can't say
Phoebe: Oh no! Not that guy! He does look like him though.	can't say
Chandler: Okay, Ross is in the bathroom.	can't say
Rachel: Oh my God, its happening. It's already started. I'm Kip.	can't say
Joey: Hey, you're not Kip!	yes
Rachel: (To Joey) Do you even know who Kip is?	can't say
Joey: Who cares? You're Rachel! (To Chandler) Who's Kip?	can't say
Chandler: Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.	can't say
Joey: Oh, that poor bastard.	can't say
Rachel: See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!	can't say
Monica: You're not gonna be phased out!	can't say
Rachel: Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother. (To Chandler) He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.	can't say
Phoebe: Ehh!!	yes
Rachel: Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is watching TV.]	Happy
Chandler: (entering) Hey!	can't say
Joey: Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.	can't say
Chandler: Yes that was mine.	can't say
Joey: 'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.	yes
Chandler: Yes that would have made more sense.	can't say
Joey: Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man! All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say, I'll believe ya. (Pause.) Were you, or were you not on a gay cruise?!	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is sitting on couch and Rachel is getting some coffee. Phoebe keeps turning her head from to keep from looking at Rachel.]	Unhappy
Rachel: Phoebe? (She turns her head further away.) I'm sorry about the whole lifting out thing. (Moves over next to her.) You gotta come with me!	can't say
Phoebe: Come where?	can't say
Rachel: Wherever I go. Come on you and me, we'll-we'll start a new group, we're the best ones.	can't say
Phoebe: Okay, but try and get Joey too.	can't say
Ross: (entering) Pheebs, you mind if I speak to Rachel alone for a sec?	yes
Phoebe: Oh, sure! (She gets up to leave.) Bye Ross! (Whispering behind his back.) Forever.	can't say
Ross: Hi.	can't say
Rachel: Hi. What are you doing here? Isn't this against the rules?	can't say
Ross: I talked to Monica, look, I'm the one who made the choice. I'm the one who's making things change, so I should be the one to y'know, step back.	can't say
Rachel: Oh, Ross&#133;	yes
Ross: No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and just see their college roommates at reunions and just see Joey at Burger King. So is, is that better?	Unhappy
Rachel: No, it's not better. I still don't get to see you.	can't say
Ross: Well, what-what would you do? Rach, if you were me, what-what would you do?	yes
Rachel: Well, for starters I would've said the right name at my wedding!	can't say
Ross: I can't believe this is happening.	can't say
Rachel: I know.	can't say
Ross: I am so sorry.	can't say
Rachel: I know that too.	can't say
Joey: (entering) (He clears his throat to get their attention.) Hey, Rach? Sorry to interrupt but umm, Phoebe wanted me to talk to you about a trip or something.	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is doing a crossword puzzle.]	can't say
Chandler: (entering) Hey!	can't say
Monica: Hi.	yes
Chandler: I just came over to drop off&#133;nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh?	can't say
Monica: Yeah, it did.	can't say
Chandler: So, I guess this is over.	can't say
Monica: What?	can't say
Chandler: Well, y'know, you and me, it had to end sometime.	can't say
Monica: Why, exactly?	can't say
Chandler: Because of the weekend, we had a fight.	can't say
Monica: Chandler that's crazy! If you give up every time you'd have a fight with someone you'd never be with anyone longer than&#151;Ohhh! (They both realize something there.)	can't say
Chandler: So, this isn't over?	Happy
Monica: (laughs) You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out about.	Happy
Chandler: Really? Okay. Great!	yes
Monica: Ohh, welcome to an adult relationship! (She goes to kiss him.)	Happy
Chandler: (stops her) We're in a relationship?	yes
Monica: I'm afraid so.	Happy
Chandler: Okay. (They kiss.)	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Rachel, Joey, and Chandler are there as Phoebe enters.]	can't say
Phoebe: Hey!	can't say
Monica: Hey!	can't say
Phoebe: Oh hey, Monica, I heard you saw Donald Trump at your convention.	can't say
Monica: Yeah, I saw him waiting for an elevator. (Joey thinks that sounds familiar, but dismisses the thought.)	can't say
Monica: Hey, Rach, can I borrow your eyelash curler, I think I lost mine.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, it's in there. (Points to the bathroom.) (Joey puts two and two together.)	can't say
Joey: (shocked) Oh! Ohh! Oh!!	can't say
Chandler: Joey, can I talk to you for a second? (He grabs him and starts to drag Joey into Monica's room.)	can't say
Joey: Oohh!! Ohh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh!! (Chandler pushes him through the door and Monica closes it behind them.) [Cut to Monica's room, Chandler tackles Joey onto her bed and tries to cover his mouth.]	can't say
Joey: Ohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!	can't say
Chandler: Yes. Yes. (Lets him up.)	can't say
Joey: (To Chandler) You?! (To Monica) And-and you?!	can't say
Monica: Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!	can't say
Joey: How?! When?!	can't say
Chandler: It happened in London.	can't say
Joey: IN LONDON!!!	can't say
Chandler: The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.	can't say
Joey: But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone! (They both grab him and stop him.)	can't say
Chandler: No-no-no-no-no! You can't!	can't say
Monica: Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell. (Joey thinks it over.)	Happy
Joey: All right! Man, this is unbelievable! I mean, it's great, but&#133;	Happy
Monica: I know, it's great! (She goes over and kisses Chandler.)	yes
Joey: Aww, I don't want to see that! [Cut to Phoebe and Rachel.]	can't say
Phoebe: We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey! Ending Credits	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang, minus Ross are playing Madlibs. Phoebe is reading hers.]	can't say
Phoebe: The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your opponent on the Phoebe and say, &quot;Hi, Phoebe!&quot;	Happy
Monica: Oh that's cute! We really all enjoyed it. But y'know, it doesn't count.	can't say
Phoebe: Count for what?	can't say
Monica: Count in our heads as-as good Madlibs. (They putting their notepads down and get up to leave.)	can't say
Joey: I guess I'm done.	can't say
Chandler: Fun's over!	can't say
Monica: Wait-wait, guys! If-if we follow the rules, it's still fun and it means something!	can't say
Rachel: Uh-huh!	can't say
Joey: I think I'm gonna take-off.	yes
Monica: Guys, rules are good! Rules help control the fun! (They all leave and close the door on Monica.) Ohhh! (Throws her notepad down in disgust.) End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (136,0) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle=" (68,1) (127, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle=" (0,1) (59, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/504pbs.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="8835" endspan -->	0
The One With The Yeti Written by: Alexa Junge Transcribed by: Eric Aasen	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Monica and Chandler are making out on one of the chairs.]	can't say
Joey: (entering) Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! None of that, not while you're living under my roof!	can't say
Monica: What?!	yes
Joey: Look, just because I know about you two, doesn't mean I like looking at it.	can't say
Chandler: Aren't you supposed to be at an audition for another hour?	yes
Joey: Well, I'm sorry if I'm not a middle-aged black woman! (Starts for his room.) And I'm also sorry if sometimes I go to the wrong audition! Okay, look, if I have to pretend I don't know about you two, then you two are gonna have to pretend there's nothing to know about. Chandler and Monica: Okay.	can't say
Monica: Sorry.	can't say
Chandler: Sorry. (They wait for Joey to go into his room and close the door and then start making out again.)	can't say
Joey: (from the bedroom) I can hear that!	can't say
Monica: (To Chandler) Rachel's at work. (They both go to her apartment.) (Pause.)	can't say
Joey: I can still hear you! Opening Credits	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Chandler, and Monica are there as Phoebe enters carrying a large box.]	can't say
Phoebe: Hey!	can't say
Joey: Hey!	can't say
Chandler: Hello!	can't say
Monica: Hey, what's that?	Happy
Phoebe: Yeah, my mom sent me a family heirloom that once belonged to my grandmother. Can you believe it?! A year ago I didn't even have a family, and now I have heirlooms for crying out loud. (She puts her leg up on the chair and removes this huge knife from her boot to open the box with. The guys are shocked at the knife's existence.)	can't say
Phoebe: Eeeee-(She opens the box and removes its contents and sees that it's a fur coat.)-ohh!! God! (She throws it at Joey.)	can't say
Joey: Argh-argh!! (Catches the coat.) Ooh, soft. Is this mink?	can't say
Phoebe: Yeah! Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all! Plus, I have a perfectly fine coat that no innocent animal suffered to make!	yes
Chandler: Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour. (Phoebe stares at him wide-eyed. Chandler sees her reaction.) That didn't happen, I made that up!	can't say
Ross: (entering) Hey!	can't say
Gunther: Oh, Ross? Ross! You can't put up flyers in here.	can't say
Ross: How come? Everybody else does.	can't say
Gunther: You can't.	can't say
Monica: What is that?	can't say
Ross: Oh, umm, I'm just getting rid of a couple of things.	yes
Monica: (looking at the flyer) This is all of your things.	can't say
Ross: Yes, yes it is! No, but it's good it's&#151;Emily thinks we should get all new stuff. Stuff that's just ours, together. Y'know brand new.	yes
Monica: So basically, this is a getting-rid-of-everything-Rachel-ever-used sale.	can't say
Ross: Touched. Used. Sat on. Sleep on.	can't say
Gunther: I'll take it all.	can't say
Joey: Hey, Ross, you're okay with that?	can't say
Ross: Look, if I can just do what Emily wants and get her to New York, I'm sure everything will be fine.	can't say
Chandler: Okay, but don't you think this is a little extreme?	can't say
Ross: After what I did? Can you blame her?	yes
Phoebe: Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green. (Ross suddenly gets up and heads for the bathroom.)	yes
Joey: (after Ross is gone) What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?	can't say
Monica: Now calm down Joey.	can't say
Joey: No! Everything's gettin' all messed up, y'know? Emily won't let Ross see Rachel, we're not gonna stop seeing Rachel, hence Ross stops seeing us!	can't say
Phoebe: Oh, I hate this. Everything's changing.	can't say
Chandler: Yeah I know, we're losing Ross, Joey said hence&#133;	can't say
Monica: Look, I'm not happy about this either, but y'know if-if Ross says he's happy then we're just gonna have to keep our feelings about Emily to ourselves. Are you cool with that?	can't say
Joey: No! But y'know, I'm an actor, I'll act cool.	0
[Scene: The Storage Room in the basement of Monica and Rachel's building, Monica and Rachel are looking for something.]	can't say
Rachel: Ohh, whoa God! Storage rooms give me the creeps! Monica, come on please hurry up honey! Please?	can't say
Monica: Rachel, if you want the little round waffles, you gotta have to wait until I find the little waffle iron.	can't say
Rachel: I want the little round waffles.	can't say
Monica: All right. (Looking through a box.) Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison? (The single light flickers and goes out. Leaving the room in total darkness.)	can't say
Rachel: Okay, y'know what? I'll-I'll have toast! (She starts to run out but is stopped by a figure looming out of the darkness carrying a pick axe.)	can't say
Rachel: Arghhhh!!!!!! (They both start screaming at the top of their lungs.)	can't say
Monica: Oh my God! Fog him! Fog him! (Rachel grabs the bug bomb, activates it, throws it at the figure, and they both run out through the fog.)	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe are there.]	can't say
Phoebe: I don't know what I'm gonna do about this coat.	can't say
Joey: I'll take it!	can't say
Phoebe: That might work! (She gives him the coat.)	can't say
Joey: Ooh-ooh-ooh, yeah! (He drapes it around his shoulders.) Enh? All right, what do you think?	yes
Chandler: You're on in 5 Ms. Minnelli.	Happy
Ross: (on the phone) No-no-no, it's just a bit sudden. (Listens) No, it's great. Okay? I'm totally on board. I love you too, all righty. Bye. (Hangs up.)	can't say
Joey: What's the matter Ross?	yes
Ross: Nothing. Oh, actually, great news! I just got off the phone with Emily and it looks like I'm moving to a new apartment. Woo-hoo!	can't say
Phoebe: Why?	can't say
Ross: Well, her thought is, and I agree, fresh new furniture, why not a fresh new apartment? Her cousin has this great place to sublet, it's got a view of the river on one side and Columbia on the other.	yes
Joey: That's way uptown! That's like three trains away! (Phoebe pinches him.) Which is great! I love to ride that rail!	can't say
Chandler: So you're really okay with this?	yes
Ross: Yes! Yes! I mean it's-it's kinda far from work, but uh, y'know, I'll get so much done on the commute. I-I've been given the gift of time!	yes
Chandler: Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum. (Ross exits.)	can't say
Joey: Now he's movin'? Man, what is Emily doing to him? (Phoebe pinches him again.) Ow!! He's not even here!!! (Monica and Rachel enter breathless.)	can't say
Rachel: You guys! You guys!	can't say
Monica: We were, we were just in the storage area and we saw this really creepy man!	can't say
Rachel: It was like this crazy-eyed, hairy beast man! He was like a, like a bigfoot or a yeti or something!	can't say
Monica: And he came at us with an axe, so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him!	Happy
Rachel: (proud of herself) Yeah, I-I-I just pulled the tab and I just fogged his yeti ass!	can't say
Joey: Uhh, like dark hair, bushy beard?	can't say
Rachel: Yeah!	can't say
Joey: Yeah, you fogged Danny.	can't say
Rachel: Please! We did not fog Danny! Who's Danny?	can't say
Joey: Dan just moved in downstairs. Yeah, he just got back from like this four-month trek in the Andes. Nice fella.	yes
Monica: Oh he's nice. He's nice! Y'know, you always stick up for the people we fog!	0
[Scene: Their Building, Monica and Rachel are going to apologize to Danny. Rachel knocks on his door, which he opens and he has this really bushy beard and long hair. Picture Paul Bunyan.]	can't say
Danny: Yeah?	can't say
Rachel: Hi! You might not remember us, but we are the girls that fogged you.	can't say
Monica: We're-we're really sorry we fogged you.	can't say
Danny: Okay. (He closes the door. Rachel's not happy with that and knocks again. He opens the door.)	can't say
Rachel: Hi! Just so you know, we-we didn't mean to fog you, we thought you were like a yeti or something.	can't say
Danny: Okay. (He closes the door again. Once again, Rachel knocks (harder this time) and he answers it.)	can't say
Danny: Yesss?	yes
Rachel: Hi! Sorry to bother you, but I don't think we can accept your acceptance of our apology, it just doesn't really seem like you mean it.	can't say
Monica: Yeah.	can't say
Danny: O-kay! (He closes the door before Rachel can say anything.)	can't say
Monica: Wow! That guy is so rude!	yes
Rachel: Really! What is with that guy? I mean you'd forgive me if I fogged you.	can't say
Monica: Well you did a little bit.	can't say
Rachel: Oh my God, honey, I'm so sorry!	can't say
Monica: I totally forgive you!	can't say
Rachel: Really?	can't say
Monica: Yes!	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is making a drink as Phoebe enters with the fur coat.]	Happy
Phoebe: Hey!	Happy
Monica: Hey!	can't say
Phoebe: So listen, you know my friend Chris who owns the crematorium?	can't say
Monica: Crematorium Chris? Sure!	can't say
Phoebe: He says, that he would cremate my fur coat for free if I umm, y'know, bring in the next person I know who dies. (Rachel enters from the bathroom and sees the coat.)	Happy
Rachel: Oh my God! Oh my God, look at these pelts!	yes
Monica: Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.	yes
Rachel: What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!	yes
Phoebe: This is fashion?! (Grabs the coat from Rachel.) Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. (She puts the coat on and starts to model it.) Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? (Sees herself in the mirror.) 'Cause I do.	0
[Scene: Ross's Apartment, the gang is helping Ross move out by carrying boxes. Chandler has picked a particularly large and apparently heavy box, because he takes a running start at it and still can't budge it.]	Happy
Ross: (on phone) I know I miss you too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. Bye. (Hangs up.)	yes
Chandler: Okay, what is in here? Rocks?	can't say
Ross: No-no, this is my collection of fossil samples.	yes
Chandler: So, rocks. (He picks up a smaller box and carries it to the moving van as Joey returns.)	Unhappy
Ross: I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there. (Points.)	can't say
Joey: Ohh. Hey, remember when I ran into this thing (The shutters that close off the kitchen.) and it kinda knocked me out a little?	Unhappy
Ross: I loved this place! To tell you the truth, I wish I didn't have to move.	can't say
Joey: Uhh, are you saying that you're not entirely happy about this?	Unhappy
Ross: Well, I mean if uh, if Emily gave me a choice&#133;	can't say
Joey: You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!	can't say
Ross: Why?	can't say
Joey: It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally-(The gang enters behind Joey and Phoebe pinches him again.)-Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.	can't say
Ross: What's going on?	can't say
Joey: We all hate Emily!	can't say
Phoebe: Nooo!!	can't say
Monica: No, Ross, we do not hate Emily. We-we just, we just think that you're having to sacrifice a whole lot to make her happy.	can't say
Joey: Yeah!	can't say
Chandler: Look, we just think that maybe she's being a little unreasonable.	can't say
Joey: Yes! Yes! Unreasonable!	can't say
Ross: Unreasonable? How about we have this conversation when one of you guys gets married! You have no idea what it takes to make a marriage work! All right, it's about compromise! Do you always like it? No! Do you do it? Yes! Because it's not all laughing, happy, candy in the sky, drinking coffee at Central Perk all the time! It's real life, okay? It's what grown-ups do! (He storms out.)	can't say
Phoebe: I think he's right. You guys hang out at the coffeehouse way too much. Commercial Break	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Phoebe, Joey, and Chandler are recovering from Ross's rebuke.]	can't say
Monica: God, I feel so guilty about Ross.	can't say
Phoebe: Oh, I know.	can't say
Joey: I kinda feel like it's my fault. (Monica and Chandler turn and stare at him.)	yes
Chandler: Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened.	yes
Joey: Well, I'm keeping so many things to myself these days, something was bound to slip out! (He glares at Chandler.)	yes
Chandler: Well, I think it's very brave what you said. (Monica pats Joey on the shoulder.)	can't say
Phoebe: All right, I can't sit here anymore. I have to walk places. (She puts on her fur coat.)	yes
Chandler: Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?	can't say
Phoebe: Well, I've been reading up and for your information, minks are not very nice. Okay, I admit it! I love this coat! Okay, I&#151;it's the best thing I've ever had wrapped around me, including Phil Huntley! (She starts to leave but stops and says to Monica.) Remember Phil Huntley? He was fine!	0
[Scene: Their building's lobby, Danny is checking his mailbox as Rachel enters carrying shopping bags and goes to her mailbox. Danny has shaved his beard and cut his hair, Rachel doesn't recognize him.]	can't say
Rachel: Hi!	can't say
Danny: So you like the short hair better.	can't say
Rachel: What? Yeti&#151;I mean Danny?	can't say
Danny: I had to cut my hair to get rid of the uh, fogger smell.	can't say
Rachel: Oh. Listen, I'm so sorry. I would, I would've never fogged you if y'know if you hadn't looked so&#133;. Y'know.	yes
Danny: Absolutely. Some people are just into appearances.	can't say
Rachel: (shocked) What?	yes
Danny: That's cool. Cool. (Starts to leave.)	can't say
Rachel: What? Hey! No-no-no! This not cool! You don't even know me!	yes
Danny: Come on, you got the shopping bags and the Sack's catalog.	can't say
Rachel: So from that you think you've got me all figured out? Well, you don't! Y'know I-I could have toys for underprivileged kids in here!	can't say
Danny: Do you?	yes
Rachel: Well, y'know, if-if kids like to play with Capri pants.	can't say
Danny: Okay. (Heads for his apartment.)	can't say
Rachel: And stop saying that! I hate that!	can't say
Danny: Okay! (Rachel decides not to give up that easily and follows him to his apartment and bangs on the door, which he opens.)	can't say
Rachel: Fine! I judged you. I made a snap judgement. But you did it too! And you are worse because you are sticking to your stupid snap judgement! You can't even open up your mind for a second to see if you're wrong! What does that say about you?	can't say
Danny: The pizza-place across the street any good?	can't say
Rachel: What?!	yes
Danny: I'm hungry. Wanna get some pizza? You can keep yelling if there's more.	can't say
Rachel: Okay. Okay.	yes
Danny: Stop saying that. I hate that.	0
[Scene: Ross's now empty apartment, he is spackling some holes shut as the gang comes to apologize.]	can't say
Chandler: Uh, Ross?	can't say
Phoebe: Are you still mad at us?	can't say
Ross: Yep.	can't say
Phoebe: Oh good! Because we have an &quot;I'm sorry&quot; song.	can't say
Ross: Y'know what? I'm really not in the mood.	can't say
Joey: Look, Ross, I feel really bad. I mean, you're going through all this stuff and I just acted like a jerk.	can't say
Chandler: Yeah, we are so sorry.	can't say
Phoebe: (To Chandler) You're kinda stepping on the song. (She gets ready to play but is stopped by&#133;)	can't say
Joey: Look, we were way out of line, we totally support you.	can't say
Monica: Whatever you decide, whatever you do.	yes
Phoebe: Okay, now you're just taking lines right out of the song!	can't say
Ross: Look, this is hard enough! I really need you guys right now.	can't say
Phoebe: Yes! Exactly! And that's why&#133; (She starts to play her song, but is stopped by Monica.)	can't say
Monica: Why don't you come over tonight? And I'll make you favorite dinner.	can't say
Ross: Okay. Thanks you guys. Pheebs are you wearing fur?	yes
Phoebe: Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the gang, minus Rachel, are getting ready for dinner.]	can't say
Joey: Hey, y'know Ross, I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.	can't say
Ross: You do, huh?	can't say
Joey: Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. (Makes like he's juggling.) Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone&#133;	can't say
Ross: What are you talking about?	can't say
Joey: (thinks) I'm not sure.	can't say
Rachel: (entering) Hi!	can't say
Monica: Hey, look at you! Where have you been?	can't say
Rachel: Oh, I went to have pizza. With Danny.	can't say
Monica: How did that happen?	can't say
Rachel: That yeti is one smooth talker.	can't say
Monica: I hope you're not full, 'cause dinner's almost ready.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, y'know I-I think I'm just gonna hang out in my room.	can't say
All: No! Why?	can't say
Rachel: Come on you guys! Listen, if Emily knew I was here having dinner you with you she would flip out and you know it. It's okay, I really&#133; I don't mind.	can't say
Ross: Wait! Wait! Wait! Y'know what? Just stay. Please? It uh&#133; It would really mean a lot to me if you stayed.	can't say
Rachel: Ross, I&#133;	can't say
Joey: RACHEL PLEASE!!! JUST HAVE DINNER WITH US!!!	can't say
Rachel: Okay. Okay. Joey, it's okay. Settle down.	can't say
Joey: All right, I-I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You see Rach I'm an actor&#133; [Time lapse, dinner is now finished and Ross is looking out the window.]	can't say
Ross: Hey! Hey, look! Ugly Naked Guy's back! (They all run over to the window.)	can't say
Rachel: I haven't seen him in so long!	can't say
Phoebe: Oh God, I really missed that fat bastard! (Pause.)	can't say
Monica: Wow, this is so weird. I just realized this might be the last time we'll all be hanging out together.	can't say
Joey: It's almost as if he knew. (The phone rings.)	can't say
Monica: I'll get it. (On phone.) Hello. (Listens.) Hi Emily! (Listens.) Yeah, uh you-you tracked him down. Hold on one second. (She hands the phone to Ross.)	can't say
Ross: Hey! (Listens.) Yeah-yeah, we're just having dinner. (Listens.) Uh, yeah, sure uh hold on. (To the gang.) She wants to say hi. (To Emily) Hold on. (Ross puts her on speakerphone.)	can't say
Phoebe: Hi Emily!	can't say
Chandler: Hi!	can't say
Emily: Hello everyone. So who am I saying hello too?	yes
Joey: Well uh, I don't know about who's here, but I can tell you for damn sure who's not here and that's Rachel!!	can't say
Emily: (laughs) Well, I should hope not. Ross knows better than that by now. (Rachel waves her hands in disgust and starts to head for her room.)	can't say
Ross: Y'know what? Uh, Rachel is here! (Rachel stops.)	can't say
Emily: She's there?!	can't say
Chandler: Oh yeah, there-there she is!	can't say
Ross: Yeah, yeah, she's here.	can't say
Emily: Ross, take me off speakerphone. (He does so.)	can't say
Ross: (on phone) Hi.	can't say
Emily: How can you do this too me?! I thought I'd made my feelings about Rachel perfectly clear!	can't say
Ross: (going onto the patio) Look Emily, I'm just having dinner with my friends, okay?	can't say
Emily: You obviously can't keep away from her.	can't say
Ross: Emily that's ridiculous. Look, I'm-I'm moving for you, I'm cutting friends out of my life for you. Please, just get on the plane and come to New York. Okay, you'll see you're the only person I want to be with.	can't say
Emily: I'll feel better when I'm there, and I can know where you are all the time.	can't say
Ross: Well, you can't know where I am all the time. Look, this marriage is never gonna work if you don't trust me.	can't say
Emily: You're right.	can't say
Ross: So, can you trust me? (Pause.)	can't say
Emily: No. (Ross lowers his head.) [Cut to the inside of the apartment.]	can't say
Joey: I think it's going okay. Looks like he's smiling.	can't say
Monica: How can you tell? You can only see the back of his head!	can't say
Joey: You can totally tell! Here look, watch me. (He stands up and turns his back to them so that he is facing the window.) Smile! Frown. Smile! Frown. (The camera cuts to Ross outside hanging up the phone.) Smile! (Ross turns around and sees Joey alternately smiling and frowning and just stares at him for a second and heads back inside.)	can't say
Ross: Well, I guess that's it.	can't say
All: Why, what happened?	can't say
Joey: What happened? What happened?	Unhappy
Ross: My marriage is over.	Unhappy
All: What?!	Unhappy
Monica: Oh, sweetie. Oh, look at you. You're shivering.	can't say
Phoebe: Here. (She wraps her coat around his shoulders.)	can't say
Rachel: Ross, honey, is there anything we can do?	can't say
Ross: Yeah. You can help me get my furniture back from Gunther. Ending Credits	0
[Scene: A curbside newsstand, Phoebe is whistling and walking up to it wearing her fur coat. She stops and starts to look through a magazine and notices a squirrel on a nearby tree chirping at her.]	yes
Phoebe: (to the squirrel) Okay, stop tormenting me! This mink! Okay, they're mean! And they hate squirrels! And y'know, okay, most of these probably wanted to be coats! (The squirrel stares at her.) All right, fine, now I get it. (To the clerk.) Here. (She hands him her coat.) You take it. (To the squirrel.) Are you happy now? I'm cold! End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(137,0) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(68,0) (127, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(0,1) (59, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/505kips.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="621" endspan -->	0
The One Where Ross Moves In Written by: Perry Rein &amp; Gigi McCreery Transcribed by: Eric Aasen	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Joey are there. Joey is looking at a National Geographic and giggling.]	can't say
Chandler: Are you looking at naked tribe's women?	can't say
Joey: No, look. (Shows him the magazine.)	can't say
Chandler: That's a pig.	can't say
Joey: I know, I know, but look at the knobs on her. (Ross enters and his hair is a mess.)	can't say
Chandler: Hey! (Joey quickly hides the magazine under the couch.)	can't say
Ross: Emily's cousin kicked me out!	can't say
Chandler: What?!	can't say
Joey: Why?	yes
Ross: Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin suddenly wants his apartment back.	can't say
Chandler: How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease?	yes
Ross: Who needs a lease when it's family!	can't say
Joey: Hey, you can stay with us! We'll take care of ya!	yes
Chandler: Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair!	can't say
Joey: Yeah.	can't say
Ross: You got it.	can't say
Joey: Okay.	can't say
Ross: Thanks you guys, I really appreciate this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been moving around so much I'm beginning to feel like a nomad. (Joey starts giggling.)	can't say
Ross: What?	yes
Chandler: He thought you said gonad. (Joey busts out laughing.) Opening Credits	0
[Scene: Monica's restaurant, she is getting inspected by the health department, Phoebe is watching.] Health Inspector: Wow, Monica, if every restaurant is as clean as yours, I'd have a tough time making a living.	Happy
Monica: Oh, Larry.	yes
Phoebe: Umm, do health inspectors work on commission?	yes
Larry: No, bribes. (Phoebe laughs.)	can't say
Phoebe: It's okay to laugh right?	can't say
Larry: Yeah, I was just kidding.	can't say
Phoebe: Okay. (She laughs harder.)	can't say
Larry: I'll check the kitchen floors.	can't say
Monica: Okay, knock yourself out, Larry. (He goes into the kitchen.)	can't say
Phoebe: Yum-my!	can't say
Monica: Larry?	yes
Phoebe: Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.	can't say
Larry: (entering) A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 violation.	can't say
Monica: Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.	can't say
Larry: And where is your hat?	can't say
Monica: It's in the kitchen, I'll go get it. (She heads for the kitchen door and just after she goes through the door&#133;)	can't say
Larry: Ahh that's the 2 points.	yes
Phoebe: Hey, you should really read that book you wrote. (To Larry) Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that she'd have to go in there hatless to get it. You can have your own health inspector detective show!	can't say
Larry: Oh, I don't know about that.	Happy
Phoebe: Yeah, but then I can be you sidekick Vunda.	Happy
Larry: Maybe uh, Vunda could give me her number and I can ask her to dinner sometime.	Happy
Phoebe: Okay, she would love that! Y'know, 'cause you know all the clean places to eat.	Happy
Larry: I-I'll call ya.	Happy
Phoebe: Okay. (Larry goes to leave but heads the wrong way and makes a quick sidestep to go out the right door.)	Happy
Phoebe: He's so funny! (She imitates what he just did.)	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Gunther is serving Monica and Rachel.]	can't say
Monica: Thanks.	can't say
Rachel: Thank you. (To Monica) Mon?	can't say
Monica: Hmm?	can't say
Rachel: How's Ross doing? Y'know since all the Emily stuff.	can't say
Monica: He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try&#133;	can't say
Rachel: Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwed up for a looong time. And besides y'know, I don't, I don't go for guys right after they get divorced.	yes
Monica: Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married. (Danny enters.)	can't say
Danny: (To Gunther) Two pounds of Moca Java please.	can't say
Monica: (To Monica) Danny. Are you guys ever gonna go out again?	can't say
Rachel: I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the hallway, we flirt, I'm all ha-ha-ha-ha, and nothing.	can't say
Danny: (To them) Hey!	yes
Rachel: Hi Danny! (Notices his box of liquor he's carrying.) Wow! Thirsty huh?	can't say
Danny: Uh, actually, actually, I'm having a party at my place on Saturday, it's sort of a house warming kind of thing.	Happy
Monica: Ohh, fun!	Happy
Rachel: Ohh, great!	Happy
Danny: Yeah, I'm really looking forward to it.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah.	can't say
Danny: Okay, see ya. (Heads out.)	can't say
Monica: Well, I guess we won't be warming his house.	Happy
Rachel: (laughs) Okay. All right, I see what he's doing! He's not asking me out, because he wants me to ask him out.	can't say
Monica: And you're not gonna do that.	yes
Rachel: That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole I've got a party thing y'know, trying to get me to hint around for an invitation. Blew up in his face, didn't it?	can't say
Monica: So-so there is no party.	can't say
Rachel: No, there's a party. There's a party. But the power, that is still up for grabs. You follow me?	can't say
Monica: I think so. Se, he-he's not inviting you to his party because he likes you.	can't say
Rachel: Exactly.	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, they're entering to find boxes strewn about the apartment.]	can't say
Joey: Ross?	can't say
Ross: (entering from the bathroom) Hey roomies!	yes
Chandler: Love what you've done with the place.	can't say
Ross: Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really appreciate you guys letting me stay here.	can't say
Joey: Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't&#151;I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine.	can't say
Chandler: Oh yeah!	can't say
Ross: Oh, I uh, hope you don't mind, I kinda uh, jazzed it up a little. Check this out. (He plays the greeting, and We Will Rock You starts to play and Ross's voice comes over it.) We will, we will, call you back!	can't say
Joey: Hey, all right!	can't say
Ross: Pretty cool, huh? (They both laugh as Ross heads back to the bathroom.)	can't say
Joey: (To Chandler) You're fake laughing too, right?	yes
Chandler: Oh, the tears are real.	0
[Scene: A restaurant, Phoebe and Larry are having dinner.]	Happy
Larry: You look beautiful this evening.	Happy
Phoebe: (smiles) Show me the badge again. (He looks around and flashes her his badge and she laughs.)	Happy
Phoebe: Shiny.	yes
Larry: Oh, will you mind if I wash up? Because I came straight from work and who knows where these babies (Holds up his hands) have been.	Happy
Phoebe: (laughing) You are just nonstop! (He goes to the bathroom and Phoebe puts some pepper and salt on her food. With the salt she takes a bit and throws it over her left shoulder as she faces us.)	can't say
Larry: (coming back) We're outta here!	can't say
Phoebe: Why?!	can't say
Larry: Just walking past the kitchen I saw 10 violations! I'm shutting this place down!	can't say
Phoebe: (awed) You have the power to do that?	can't say
Larry: This does. (Shows her his badge.)	Happy
Phoebe: (excited) Shut it down.	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is entering. As he closes the door, Joey pokes his head up from a box enclosure built using the 2 chairs.]	can't say
Joey: Hey.	can't say
Chandler: What are you doing?	can't say
Joey: Nothing.	can't say
Chandler: You built a fort didn't ya?	Happy
Joey: (smiles) Kinda.	yes
Chandler: (notices something) Oh my God, the air purifier! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was (makes a humming noise.)	yes
Joey: Dude, you should've gone out once and a while.	can't say
Chandler: I hate this thing!	yes
Joey: Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is opening the door.]	can't say
Rachel: Oh, hi Danny.	can't say
Danny: Hey guys, I just uh, wanted to invite you to the party tomorrow night.	can't say
Monica: Oh, thanks! We'll try to stop by.	can't say
Rachel: Uh, actually, I think I'm gonna be busy.	can't say
Monica: You are?	can't say
Rachel: Yeah! Remember I got that uh, gala.	can't say
Danny: Yeah, what's the gala for?	can't say
Rachel: It's a uh, regatta gala.	can't say
Danny: Really! You-you sail?	can't say
Rachel: No-no, but I support it.	can't say
Danny: Okay, (To Monica) hope I see you tomorrow night.	can't say
Monica: Okay.	yes
Danny: Take care. (Leaves.)	can't say
Rachel: Okay. (Closes the door.) Walked right into that one didn't he?	can't say
Monica: What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, but he waited until the last minute! So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to do than wait around for an invitation to his stupid party. I said, &quot;No!&quot; Which puts me right back in the driver seat.	can't say
Monica: Great. So the ball is in his court?	can't say
Rachel: Ball? There is no ball.	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's and Ross's, Ross is working on his computer and Joey is making a lot of noise.]	Unhappy
Ross: (glaring at him) Joey, please! (Motions to his computer.)	can't say
Joey: Sorry. (Joey starts playing with a toy alligator and has it attack him.)	yes
Joey: Ahhhhhhhhhh&#133; (Notices Ross looking at him and stops. Ross gives him his 'quiet down' maneuver. Okay, this may take a while to explain, so center this on you screen and place your hands about a foot apart with your fingers together and pointing straight up. Now take you fingers and point them at the other hand and making a 90-degree angle with each of your hands and the first knuckle counting up from the wrist. Now take your right hand, no your other right (that was for the dyslexics), and lower it a couple of inches, so that the fingers are pointing at your wrist. Now take your arms and keeping the elbows bent and your hands in front of you spread out your arms, kinda like making a bird's wing. Now hunch your shoulders over and move you hands up and down as if you are trying to tell some one to turn it down. That's Ross 'quiet down' maneuver. Well, there is an accompanying face, but I don't want to try and describe it as well.)	yes
Chandler: (entering) Hello children!	can't say
Joey: Hey! Wanna play some foosball? Please?	can't say
Chandler: Okay. (Starts to head for where the foosball table usually is.)	can't say
Joey: No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on! (They go into his bedroom.)	can't say
Joey: All right, I have one question. What is the deal with this? (Imitates Ross's 'quiet down' maneuver, but does move his hands up and down he just flaps his hands as if he's waving good-bye.)	yes
Chandler: Bye-bye little puppet Joey hand?	can't say
Joey: No, the quiet down thing!	can't say
Chandler: You mean this. (Does the maneuver perfectly.)	yes
Joey: Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?	yes
Chandler: (gasps) All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!	can't say
Joey: All right, I guess I can hold out a little longer. Let's have a game.	can't say
Chandler: Okay. (They start playing.)	can't say
Chandler: No-no-no-no!	can't say
Joey: YES!!	can't say
Ross: (entering) Uh fellas, (Does the maneuver and gives them a double thumbs up, which Chandler returns as he closes the door.)	can't say
Chandler: Okay, so he's out of here.	can't say
Joey: Um-hmm. Commercial Break	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Rachel, and Phoebe are there.]	can't say
Joey: (entering) Hey!	can't say
Monica: Hey!	can't say
Joey: You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!	can't say
Phoebe: Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down!	can't say
Joey: Pheebs, if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places, where are we gonna eat?!	yes
Monica: I don't know, clean places?	can't say
Joey: Umm, yum! (There's a knock on the door and Monica answers it.)	can't say
Monica: (looking through the peephole) It's Danny.	can't say
Rachel: Don't let him in! I'm supposed to be at a regatta gala.	can't say
Monica: (to Danny) We'll be right there! (To Rachel) Can't you just say it starts later?	can't say
Rachel: What? What kind of a regatta gala starts at night?!	yes
Monica: The fake kind! (She opens the door and Rachel hides behind it.)	can't say
Danny: Hey, hi, I need a ladle. You got a ladle?	can't say
Monica: We have a ladle. (Gives him one.)	can't say
Danny: Thanks, see you at the party.	can't say
Monica: Okay, great! (He leaves and she closes the door.)	can't say
Phoebe: Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, &quot;See you ladle.&quot; (Laughs.)	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Joey, and Ross are there. Chandler and Joey are looking through the paper.]	can't say
Chandler: Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings?	can't say
Ross: I'll take sports.	can't say
Joey: Mine! (He grabs it.)	can't say
Ross: All right. Uhh, international.	yes
Joey: Oh that's mine too! (Grabs it and Ross looks at him.) I'm Italian!	can't say
Ross: Well, I guess I can check out those apartment listings, even though there's never anything in here.	yes
Chandler: Not even on page 7?	can't say
Ross: (looks) Oh yeah! You're&#151;hey, you're right! Here's an affordable place, (reading ad) two bedroom, close to work, ooh, it's available in five weeks!	can't say
Chandler: What about that circled one?	can't say
Ross: Oh, I-I don't know, it's kind of expensive for a studio.	yes
Joey: But it's available now! Isn't it?	can't say
Chandler: Yes, it is.	Happy
Joey: Hey, let's go look at it! (They both jump up.)	Happy
Ross: Okay, let's go.	Happy
Joey: Okay!	Happy
Chandler: There we go!	can't say
Ross: Oh-oh-ooh, hey guys, I was wondering if you guys would uh, maybe chip in on some new air filters for the air purifier? I mean after all, we all are using it.	yes
Chandler: Let's go quicker.	can't say
Joey: Yeah!	0
[Scene: The apartment in the listing, the guys are checking it out. There's one problem though, it's roughly the size of this computer screen. As they enter Joey lets out a whistle.]	can't say
Ross: Oh my God! (Looking around, which doesn't take him long.)	yes
Chandler: Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub.	yes
Joey: Somebody was using his head. Hey, let's check out the rest of the place. (They don't move, just look all around them.)	Unhappy
Ross: I think this is it. I don't know, maybe we should keep looking.	can't say
Joey: But hey, Ross, this place is available now!	yes
Chandler: Yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks.	can't say
Joey: Yeah. (He looks at them.)	can't say
Ross: (To Joey) So, you-you think I should go ahead and take this place?	yes
Joey: Oh, it's perfect!	can't say
Ross: (To Chandler) How about you?	yes
Chandler: It's a kitchen slash bathroom.	can't say
Ross: All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application. (He exits.)	can't say
Chandler: We are bad people.	can't say
Joey: He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! (Pause.) You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?	0
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there waiting for Larry.]	Happy
Larry: (entering) Hey, ready for dinner?	Happy
Phoebe: Ooh, absolutely!	Happy
Larry: Great! How about you wanted to go the Italian place down on Bleaker Street right?	yes
Phoebe: Ooh, I love that place! (Thinks about it.) So, no.	can't say
Larry: How about Mama Lisettie's?	can't say
Phoebe: Enh. Sure!	can't say
Larry: (notices something) I wonder how long that milk (on the counter) has been setting out.	can't say
Phoebe: Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That&#151;this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. (She takes a swig of it, but has to turn away from him as she makes a face to show that it has gone bad.) Okay, let's go! (Just as they're about to leave, Gunther comes out of the back carrying two garbage bags. Larry sees this and stops him.)	can't say
Larry: Hey, buddy! (Flashes his badge.) Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the back exit?	can't say
Gunther: But then I'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place.	yes
Larry: Oh, so you're saying you'd choose convenience over health?!	yes
Phoebe: Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?	can't say
Larry: Well, I suppose I could give him a warning.	yes
Phoebe: Thank you. (To Gunther, who's standing there frozen) Okay, go! Go! Go! (He runs off.) (To Larry) Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler and Joey are lamenting about how they kicked Ross out.]	yes
Joey: Maybe, maybe we did a good thing, helping Ross get back on his feet!	yes
Chandler: Yes that was a nice place!	can't say
Joey: Yeah!	yes
Chandler: Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!	can't say
Joey: Yeah! (Pause.)	can't say
Chandler: What are we gonna do?	can't say
Joey: I don't know. Maybe pizza?	can't say
Chandler: About Ross!	can't say
Joey: Oh! Oh! (The phone rings and Joey answers it.)	can't say
Joey: Hello! (Listens.) Oh yeah! (To Chandler) It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. (To the apartment manager.) Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable.	can't say
Chandler: (grabbing the phone) Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. (Listens.) Well, who doesn't love dogs? (Thinks.) Ah, he's a tap dancer! (Listens.) Yes, some would say that is a lost art. (Thinks.) He's a pimp! (Listens.) There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! (Pause.) Hello? (The apartment manager hung up on him and he hangs up the phone and throws in on the chair. Joey motions, &quot;What the hell was that?&quot; Chandler makes a face to say, &quot;Think about it.&quot; Joey tries to divide 136 by 13; he's confused. Suddenly, light dawns on yonder dunder head. He gets it.)	can't say
Chandler: Ohhhhh! (Joey motions, &quot;Now, that's thinking!&quot;)	0
[Scene: Downstairs at Danny's party, Monica and Rachel are coming down the stairs and Rachel has on a coat to make it look as if she's just getting back. But just as they reach the landing they see Danny out in the hall talking to a guest, Rachel then quickly pulls Monica back up the stairs.]	can't say
Rachel: Shoot, shoot, this is never gonna work! He's right there!	can't say
Monica: Just go over and say hi.	can't say
Rachel: No, I have to go downstairs and come back up as if I'm coming home from the regatta gala. Okay? So just go distract him. But don't be sexy. (Monica obeys.)	can't say
Monica: Hey, Danny!	can't say
Danny: Hey! What's going on?	can't say
Monica: (turns his back to the stairs) Oh, it's a great party! Great food. Y'know, most parties it's all chips and salsa, chips and salsa. (As she's saying this Rachel tries to head downstairs but is blocked by people coming upstairs. She quickly retreats back up the stairs.) (Sees that she has to keep him distracted longer.) So umm, what's this? (Points to his plate.)	can't say
Danny: Salad.	can't say
Monica: Ooooh! (Rachel now succeeds in getting downstairs.) And-and-and what-what's this? (Points again.)	yes
Danny: Bread. Aren't you a chef? (Rachel returns.)	can't say
Monica: (upon seeing Rachel she points) Oh.	can't say
Danny: Hey! Rachel!	can't say
Rachel: Hey! Oh right, tonight was your party.	Happy
Danny: Oh wow, you look great! Glad you could make it.	Happy
Rachel: Oh well, y'know, the gala had to end sometime.	can't say
Danny: Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back. (He heads off.)	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, sure. (To Monica) All right, whose court is the ball in now?	yes
Monica: I thought there wasn't a ball?	yes
Rachel: Oh, come on! He's glad that I came, he doesn't want me to go anywhere, balls flying all over the place!	Happy
Danny: (returning, with a friend) Rachel, this is my friend Tom. (To Tom) This is the girl I told you about.	Happy
Rachel: Oh, go on! You telling people about me?	Happy
Danny: You two could really hit it off! I'm gonna go mingle. (Leaves.)	Happy
Tom: So you work at Bloomingdale's, huh? My mom calls it Bloomies.	yes
Rachel: (laughs) Yeah, okay, at ease solider!	can't say
Tom: I'm sorry?	yes
Rachel: No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingman right? You guys are best buds. Frat bros!	can't say
Tom: I'm gonna go talk to uh, a friend.	yes
Rachel: Yeah, yeah, you go talk to your friend. You tell him, &quot;Nice try.&quot; (He walks off.)	yes
Rachel: Man! He just keeps lobbing them up and I just keep knocking them right out of the park!	can't say
Monica: I think I need a drink.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah! (They go get a drink.)	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross still has boxes all over the place. Joey is wearing a football helmet, and Chandler is spinning him around in one of the chairs and counting.]	Happy
Chandler: 98. 99. 100. Okay, go!	can't say
Joey: (getting up) Dude, I'm telling ya! I'm fine! (He tries to take a step and falls flat on his face.) (He tries to get up again and starts falling backwards and Chandler catches him.)	can't say
Chandler: Here we go! Here we go! (Ross enters.)	can't say
Joey: Hey!	can't say
Chandler: Hey!	can't say
Ross: Hey. So I uh, I didn't get that apartment. Some problem with my application.	yes
Joey: You're kidding!	yes
Chandler: You're kidding, no!	can't say
Ross: Yeah. But, the good news is that Phoebe said that I could stay at her place for a while. So&#133;	can't say
Joey: But you can't stay with Phoebe, Ross! We're-we're roomies!	can't say
Ross: Look, you guys don't need me here taking up your space.	can't say
Joey: Well, we got plenty of space! There-there's still some over there (Points to where the window is but sees that there isn't any space there and points towards his door.) by-by that speaker. Please, just stay!	can't say
Chandler: Yeah!	can't say
Ross: Are you guys sure about this?	Happy
Joey: Definitely!	Happy
Chandler: Yes! Ross, you have to stay!	Happy
Ross: All right.	Happy
Joey: All right!	Happy
Chandler: All right, buddy!	can't say
Ross: So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just (Does the 'quiet down' maneuver). (Chandler and Joey smile, but when Ross turns away look at each other with looks of horror.) Ending Credits	0
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's and Ross's, Chandler is entering and when he closes the door Joey pops his head out of the fort like before, but this time he's wearing a cowboy hat.]	yes
Chandler: Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?	can't say
Ross: (popping up behind Joey wearing an Indian headdress) Come on, it's fun!	can't say
Chandler: All right! (He joins them in the fort and comes up putting on a bonnet.) Isn't this a woman's hat?	yes
Joey: Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some tea! (Chandler does so.) End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(69,0) (128, 80)  " rectangle="(136,0) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(67,2) (128, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(0,0) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/506yeti.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="41627" endspan -->	0
The One With The Thanksgiving Flashbacks Written by: Greg Malins Transcribed by: Eric Aasen	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, everyone has just finished Thanksgiving dinner and are groaning over their fullness.]	Happy
Rachel: Oh Monica that was the best Thanksgiving dinner ever! I think you killed us.	Happy
Ross: I couldn't possibly eat another bite.	can't say
Joey: I need something sweet.	can't say
Phoebe: Does anyone wanna watch TV?	can't say
All: Yeah, sure. (She starts pushing the power button on the remote, but it's not facing the TV so it doesn't work.)	can't say
Phoebe: Monica your remote doesn't work.	yes
Monica: Phoebe, you have to lift it and point.	can't say
Phoebe: Oh. Aw, forget it.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah, you know what we should all do? We should play that game where everyone says one thing that they're thankful for.	can't say
Joey: Ooh-ooh, I! I am thankful for this beautiful fall we've been having.	can't say
Monica: That's very nice.	can't say
Chandler: That's sweet, Joey.	yes
Joey: Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs. (Note: Actually, I think every guy is thankful for thongs. That and spandex. J ) Opening Credits	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier. Joey is talking about the wonder that is the thong.]	yes
Joey: I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?	yes
Chandler: Are you aware that you're still talking?	yes
Monica: Is anyone thankful for anything else besides a thong?	yes
Ross: Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.	yes
Phoebe: Wow! See, and I didn't think you'd be able to come up with anything.	can't say
Ross: I'm sorry. It's just that this is the worse Thanksgiving ever.	yes
Chandler: No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.	can't say
Rachel: Oh, you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced again are you?	can't say
Ross: Oh God, no.	yes
Joey: Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!	yes
Chandler: It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family. (And with that, we start a series of flashbacks to Thanksgiving's of years gone by.) Thanksgiving 1978	yes
[Scene: The Bing household, Mr. and Mrs. Bing and Young Chandler are eating Thanksgiving dinner as a housekeeper serves them.] Mrs. Bing: Now Chandler dear, just because your father and I are getting a divorce it doesn't mean we don't love you. It just means he would rather sleep with the house-boy than me. The Housekeeper: More turkey Mr. Chandler? (And he makes eyes at him.) Present Day	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.]	can't say
Ross: You're right. Yours is worse. You are the king of bad Thanksgivings.	can't say
Phoebe: I don't know about that. I've got one that's worse.	yes
Chandler: Really? Worse than, &quot;More turkey Mr. Chandler?&quot;	yes
Phoebe: Oh, did the little rich boy have a problem with the butler? Yes, mine's worse! Thanksgiving 1862	can't say
[Scene: A Union battlefield hospital, Phoebe, in a past life, is tending to a wounded Union soldier. (By the way, for historical perspective, 1862 was the second year of the American Civil War.)] Past Life Phoebe: More bandages! More bandages! Please, can I get some more bandages in here! This man is dying&#151;(She is cut off by an exploding shell just outside the tent. When the smoke clears, she's missing an arm and the blood is pumping out like you'd see in a horror movie. And upon seeing her condition, she says&#133;) Oh no. Present Day	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.]	can't say
Ross: In this life, Phoebe.	can't say
Phoebe: Oh, this life! Oh okay no, Chandler's is worse.	can't say
Joey: Man, it must be so cool remembering stuff like that! I don't have any past life memories.	yes
Phoebe: Of course you don't sweetie. You're brand new.	can't say
Rachel: I know Monica's worst Thanksgiving.	can't say
Monica: Oh, let's not tell this story.	can't say
All: Oh, come on!	can't say
Phoebe: Oh no, I know! I know! It's the one where Joey got Monica's turkey stuck on his head!	can't say
Rachel: What?! Joey got a turkey stuck on his head?!	can't say
Joey: Hey, it's not like it sounds.	yes
Chandler: It's exactly like it sounds. Thanksgiving 1992	0
[Scene: Monica and Phoebe's, Phoebe is entering.]	can't say
Joey: (muffled) Hello?	can't say
Phoebe: (surprised) Hello?	can't say
Joey: Phoebe?	can't say
Phoebe: Joey? What's going on?	can't say
Joey: Look. (He walks out of the bathroom with his head stuck in a huge turkey.)	can't say
Phoebe: Oh my God!	can't say
Joey: I know! It's stuck!!!	can't say
Phoebe: (walks him to the kitchen) Easy. Step. How did it get on?	can't say
Joey: I put it on to scare Chandler!	can't say
Phoebe: Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!	can't say
Joey: Well then help me get it off! Plus, it smells really bad in here.	can't say
Phoebe: Well, of course it smells really bad. You have your head up a dead animal. (They hear Monica trying to unlock the door. So Phoebe quickly pushes his head down onto the table to make it look like the turkey is just sitting on a platter and not stuck on Joey's head.)	can't say
Monica: (entering) Hey!	can't say
Phoebe: Hey!	can't say
Monica: Hey, did you get the turkey basted&#151;Oh my God! Oh my God! (She sees someone is stuck in the turkey.) Who is that?	can't say
Joey: It's Joey.	can't say
Monica: What-what are you doing? Is this supposed to be funny?	can't say
Phoebe: No, it's not supposed to be funny, it's supposed to be scary.	can't say
Monica: Well, get it off now!	can't say
Joey: I can't! It-it's stuck!	can't say
Monica: Well, I don't care! That-that turkey has to feed 20 people at my parent's house and they're not gonna eat it off your head!	can't say
Phoebe: All right, hold on! Okay, let's just all think. (They all start thinking. Joey starts rubbing his chin, of course his chin is currently inside the turkey so he ends up rubbing the turkey. And I didn't do that joke one bit of justice. It's one of those you have to see it to get it jokes.)	can't say
Monica: Okay, I got it. Phoebe? All right, you pull. I'm gonna spread the legs as wide as I can. (Joey starts giggling.) Joey? Now is not the time!	can't say
Joey: Sorry! Sorry. (They get into position to pull the turkey off.)	can't say
Monica: Okay, count to three. 1. 2. 3! (They both pull but Joey slips out and starts to fall backwards just as Chandler enters, scaring him.)	can't say
Chandler: Arghhhhhh!! (Joey turns around to taunt him, but Chandler is in the doorway and Joey is facing the kitchen.)	yes
Joey: (pointing) It worked! I scared ya, I knew it! Ha-ha!	yes
Chandler: I'm over here big guy.	can't say
Joey: (turning all the way around, and still not facing Chandler) Yeah, you are! (Starts dancing.) I scared you! Present Day	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.]	Happy
Chandler: (laughing) You did look like an idiot.	Happy
Joey: Hey, I wasn't the only one who looked like an idiot. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say, &quot;Butternut squash?&quot; And it came out, &quot;Squatternut buash?&quot;	yes
Ross: Yeah that's the same.	can't say
Monica: That's it. That's my worse Thanksgiving.	can't say
Phoebe: Oh wait! That can't be the one Rachel's talking about. She didn't even know that happened. So which one was it?	can't say
All: Which one?	can't say
Monica: Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.	yes
Chandler: Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.	can't say
Monica: Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story! Thanksgiving 1987	0
[Scene: The Geller household, Mr. and Mrs. Geller are getting ready for Thanksgiving dinner. The doorbell rings.] Mrs. Geller: Monica! I think Rachel's here!	yes
Monica: I'll get it! (She runs in, and she's her old fat self like The One With The Prom Video. Not only that, she's out of breath after running a short distance. She goes over and opens the door to reveal Rachel with her old nose.) Happy Thanksgiving! Big Nosed Rachel: Not for me. Chip and I broke up! Fat Monica: Oh, why? Why? What happened? Big Nosed Rachel: Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over&#133; Fat Monica: Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower. Big Nosed Rachel: Okay, Monica, can you just call it sex?! It really creeps me out when you call it that! Okay, and by the way, while we're at it, a guy's thing is not called his tenderness. Believe me! (Walks into the living room and greets Monica's parents.) Hi! Mr. Geller: Hi Rachel! Big Nosed Rachel: Happy Thanksgiving! Mrs. Geller: You too sweethart!	can't say
Ross: (entering) Hey! (He brought home Chandler for Thanksgiving. Chandler is sporting the very popular Flock of Seagulls haircut. Yeah, it's another you have to see it to believe it kinda thing.) Mr. Geller: Oh my!	can't say
Ross: Uh, everyone, this is Chandler! My roommate and lead singer of our band! Fat Monica: Ross! (Wanting to be introduced.)	can't say
Ross: Oh, this is Monica. Fat Monica: Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.	can't say
Chandler: (seeing her) Okay. Mrs. Geller: I'm so glad you could come Chandler, we've got plenty of food so I hope you're hungry.	yes
Ross: Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food. Mrs. Geller: Oh, well, I'm so glad you brought him here then. Fat Monica: Umm, Chandler, if you want I can make you some macaroni and cheese for dinner.	can't say
Chandler: Well, as long as the pilgrims didn't eat it, I'm in. (As she is drinking, Monica laughs and Chandler's joke and Diet Coke comes out of her nose.) Fat Monica: dammit! (Runs off.) (Ross points out Rachel to Chandler and goes over to talk to her. Rachel is checking out her nose in her compact mirror.)	can't say
Ross: So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college. Big Nosed Rachel: Oh! No, not really.	yes
Ross: Well, that's cool. So did&#133; (She walks away from him and he shuts up.) (Rachel wanders into the kitchen where Monica is making Chandler's dinner.) Big Nosed Rachel: Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs! Fat Monica: I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson. Big Nosed Rachel: Y'know what? I've just had it with high school boys! They are just silly. (Ross is overhearing this.) Silly, stupid boys! I'm going to start dating men!	yes
Ross: Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for. Fat Monica: Call them mom and dad you loser!	can't say
Ross: (in a high pitched voice) Monica! [Time lapse, dinner has finished and Chandler is sitting on the couch eating some pie. Monica sits down beside him, and he gets pushed up a little by the wave she makes in the couch.] Fat Monica: Hey Chandler! Did you like the macaroni and cheese?	yes
Chandler: Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a chef. Fat Monica: Okay! (He gets up and walks away as Rachel come running over all excited.) Big Nosed Rachel: Guess what?! All that stuff about Nancy Branson being a slut was all a rumor so Chip dumped her and he wants to come over to my house tonight! Fat Monica: Oh that's so great! Big Nosed Rachel: I know! Fat Monica: Oh gosh, listen if you and Chip do it tonight, promise me you'll tell me everything. Big Nosed Rachel: Oh totally, totally. Y'know it's not that big of deal, we already kinda did it once y'know. Fat Monica: I know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it! Big Nosed Rachel: I know, I know. And oh, and this time Chip promised that-that this time it will last at least for an entire song! [Cut to the kitchen, Ross and Chandler are doing the dishes.]	can't say
Ross: So I&#146;m thinking about asking Rachel out tonight. Y'know maybe play her that song we wrote last week.	can't say
Chandler: Emotional Knapsack?	can't say
Ross: Yeah.	can't say
Chandler: Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don&#146;t take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez.	can't say
Ross: Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I&#146;m gonna be out with her all night.	yes
Chandler: Dude, don't do that too me! (Monica enters behind them.)	can't say
Ross: All right, it's cool you can stay here. My parents won't mind. (Monica suddenly gets very happy.)	can't say
Chandler: No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.	yes
Ross: Hey! (Upon hearing this, Monica starts to break down and storms out. Only to be stopped by her parents.) Mrs. Geller: (holding two pies) Monica, why don't you finish off these pies? I don't have any more room left in the fridge. Fat Monica: No. No, thank you! Mr. Geller: Well Judy, you did it! She's finally full! Commercial Break	0
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, back to the present day.]	can't say
Chandler: I called you fat?! I don't even remember that!	can't say
Monica: Well, I do.	yes
Chandler: I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud!	can't say
Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you called her fat.	yes
Ross: I can't believe you let George Michael slap you.	Unhappy
Chandler: I am really sorry. That is so terrible. I am so, so sorry.	can't say
Rachel: Actually, y'know that's not the Thanksgiving I was talking about.	can't say
Monica: Yes, it was!	can't say
Rachel: No, it wasn't. It was actually the&#133;	can't say
Monica: (interrupting her) Okay, now Thanksgiving's over, let's get ready for Christmas. Who wants to go get a Christmas tree?!	Happy
Phoebe: Oh, no, I have the cutest Christmas story!	can't say
Chandler: We wanna hear Monica's Thanksgiving story!	can't say
Phoebe: Fine, all right, mine had a dwarf that got broke in half, but y'know whatever. Thanksgiving 1988	0
[Scene: The Geller household kitchen, Mrs. Geller is cooking and Rachel, post nose job, is helping her.] Mrs. Geller: So Rachel, your mom tells me you changed your major again.	can't say
Rachel: Oh, yeah, I had too. There was never any parking by the Psychology building. Mr. Geller: (entering) Hi Rachel.	can't say
Rachel: Oh hi! Mr. Geller: Wow, love your new nose! Mrs. Geller: Jack. Mr. Geller: What? Dr. Wilson's an artist! He removed my mole cluster. Wanna see? (He starts to show her as the doorbell rings.) Mrs. Geller: I'll get it.	can't say
Rachel: No, God! Please, let me! (Runs out.) (She opens the door to reveal Chandler and Ross. Unfortunately, they seem to have their holidays mixed up. They think it's Halloween and they're going as Crockett and Tubbs from that legendary TV show of the late 80's, Miami Vice. God, we looked silly back then!)	can't say
Rachel: Hey!	yes
Ross: Hey. (To his parents) Happy Thanksgiving! Mr. Geller: (To Chandler) God, your hair sure is different!	can't say
Chandler: Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look. (They both quickly push their sleeves over their elbows.)	can't say
Ross: So uh, where's Monica? Mrs. Geller: She's upstairs. Monica! Come down! Everyone's here! Ross, Rachel, and the boy who hates Thanksgiving. (Monica enters, but she forgot something. Oh, about 150 pounds. In other words, she lost weight, big time!)	can't say
Monica: Hi, Chandler.	can't say
Chandler: Oh my God!	can't say
Monica: What-what's the matter? Is there, is there something on my dress? (She turns around making sure he gets a good look.)	can't say
Chandler: You just, you look so different! Terrific! That dress! That body!	can't say
Ross: Dude!	can't say
Chandler: Sorry! Mrs. Geller: Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about is Ross's new girlfriend.	can't say
Ross: Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!	can't say
Monica: So Chandler, I guess I'll see you at dinner. (She heads for the kitchen and Chandler watches her leave and admires the view.) Mr. Geller: Dude!	can't say
Chandler: Sorry. (In the kitchen.)	can't say
Rachel: (entering) Oh-ho, my God! That was so awesome! You totally got him back for calling you fat! He was just drooling all over you. That must've felt so great!	can't say
Monica: Well it didn't!	can't say
Rachel: What?!	yes
Monica: Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!	can't say
Rachel: Okay, that we may be able to do.	can't say
Monica: How?	yes
Rachel: Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.	yes
Monica: What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!	yes
Rachel: Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.	can't say
Monica: Yeah.	can't say
Rachel: Yeah.	can't say
Monica: And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors will just humiliate him!	yes

