Joey: C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!	yes
Chandler: All right Joey, be nice.&nbsp; So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?	yes
Phoebe: Wait, does he eat chalk? (They all stare, bemused.)	yes
Joey: Instead of...?	yes
Monica: And they weren't looking at you before?!	yes
Joey: This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.	yes
Monica: Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., &quot;I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren.&quot; was what?&nbsp; A wrong number?	yes
Chandler: And I just want a million dollars! (He extends his hand hopefully.)	yes
Ross: You can see where he'd have trouble.	yes
Monica: Oh God, is it	yes
Ross: He finally asked you out?	yes
Monica: (horrified) Really?	yes
Phoebe: What does that mean? &nbsp; Does he sell it, drink it, or just complain a lot? (Chandler doesn't know.) (There's a knock on the door and it's Paul.)	yes
Ross: A wandering?	yes
Phoebe: Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good. (Monica goes to change.)	yes
Joey: Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.	yes
Rachel: Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!	yes
Chandler: (deadpan) Yes, and we're very excited about it.	yes
Phoebe: Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to. Commercial Break	yes
Phoebe: (singing) Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your love...is like a giant pigeon...crapping on my heart.&nbsp; La-la-la-la-la- (some guy gives her some change and to that guy) Thank you. (sings) La-la-la-la...ohhh!	yes
Ross: You guys.	yes
Chandler: Oh, God.	yes
Joey: You got screwed.	yes
Chandler: Oh my God!	yes
Paul: I know, I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week. I mean, how clean can teeth get?	yes
Monica: -leg?	yes
Paul: Ooh, steer clear of you.	yes
Rachel: Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- (She stops talking and dials the phone.) Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me.&nbsp; And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too... (The maching cuts her off again and she redials.)	yes
Chandler: You must stop! (Chandler hits what he is working on with a hammer and it collapses.)	yes
Chandler: Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. &nbsp; You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. &nbsp; Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it!&nbsp; I don't think that was my point!	yes
Joey: What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!	yes
Monica: What?..... What, you wanna spell it out with noodles?	yes
Paul: No, it's, it's more of a fifth date kinda revelation.	yes
Monica: I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?	yes
Monica: Wow! I'm-I'm-I'm glad you smashed her watch!	yes
Joey: Great story!&nbsp; But, I uh, I gotta go, I got a date with Andrea--Angela--Andrea...&nbsp; Oh man, (looks to Chandler)	yes
Chandler: That is amazing.	yes
Chandler: If can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.	yes
Joey: Listen, while you're on a roll, if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something... (Joey and Chandler taste the coffee, grimace, and pour it into a plant pot.) Although actually I'm really not that hungry...	yes
Chandler: All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...	yes
Monica: Yeah, we all have jobs. See, that's how we buy stuff.	yes
Monica: Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio, at the little theater in the park.	yes
Chandler: 'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'	yes
Rachel: I can see that. You look like you slept with a hanger in your mouth.	yes
Rachel: Oh wow. Are you in trouble.	yes
Monica: Big time!	yes
Frannie: Oh, I hate you, I'm pushing my Aunt Roz through Parrot Jungle and you're having sex!&nbsp; So? Who?	yes
Monica: You mean you know Paul like I know Paul?	yes
Ross: I assume we're looking for an answer more sophisticated than 'to get you into bed'.	yes
Monica: Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear?	yes
Joey: (bursts out laughing again) I can't believe you didn't know it was a line! (Monica pushes him off of the sofa as Rachel enters with a shopping bag.)	yes
Rachel: Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing! I was laughed out of twelve interviews today.	yes
Chandler: Oh, how well you know me...	yes
Rachel: They're my new 'I don't need a job, I don't need my parents, I've got great boots' boots!	yes
Rachel: I know that. That's why I was getting married.	yes
Phoebe: You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel. (Pause)	yes
Monica: You can, I know you can!	yes
Ross: Come on, you made coffee! &nbsp; You can do anything! (Chandler slowly tries to hide the now dead plant from that morning when he and Joey poured their coffee into it.)	yes
Chandler: (as Rachel is cutting up her cards) Y'know, if you listen closely, you can hear a thousand retailers scream. (She finishes cutting them up and they all cheer.)	yes
Monica: Welcome to the real world! It sucks. You're gonna love it! [Time Lapse, Rachel and Ross are watching a TV channel finishes it's broadcast day by playing the national anthem.]	yes
Ross: I just grabbed a spoon. (Ross exits and Monica has no idea what that means.) Closing Credits	yes
Monica: I said that you had a nice butt, it's just not a great butt.	yes
Joey: Oh, you wouldn't know a great butt if it came up and bit ya.	yes
Chandler: Did you make it, or are you just serving it?	yes
All: Yeah. Yeah, I'll have a cup of coffee.	yes
Joey: Yeah, right!.......Y'serious?	yes
Chandler: Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.	yes
Chandler: The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.	yes
Rachel: Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.	yes
Joey: (pause)....Are we still talking about sex? Opening Credits	yes
Marsha: He's out banging other women over the head with a club, while she sits at home trying to get the mastodon smell out of the carpet!	yes
Ross: Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that glacier's getting kinda close.' See?	yes
Marsha: Speaking of issues, isn't that your ex-wife? (Carol, Ross's ex-wife, has entered behind them and is standing outstide the exhibit.)	yes
Ross: Okay, okay, yes, it is. (waves) How about I'll, uh, catch up with you in the Ice Age. (Marsha extis and Ross waves Carol into the exhibit.)	yes
Ross: You look great. I, uh... I hate that.	yes
Carol: Sorry. You look good too.	yes
Carol: A lesbian?	yes
Ross: Pregnant?!	yes
Chandler: Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.	yes
Monica: That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.	yes
Phoebe: Yeah, it's beautiful.	yes
Rachel: Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...	yes
Phoebe: Doy! Probably right before she lost it!	yes
Ross: Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might be where I am right about now. (He enters.)	yes
Chandler: Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?	yes
Rachel: Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing?	yes
Phoebe: She is so great! I miss her.	yes
Ross: I have no idea. No matter what I do, though, I'm still gonna be a father. (Joey starts to eat the rest of the lasagne and everyone turns and stares at him.)	yes
Monica: I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me. [Time Lapse, everyone is now eating.] Mrs. Geller: What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the club, they were not playing very well. Mr. Geller: I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding... but forty thousand dollars is a lot of money! Mrs. Geller: Well, at least she had the chance to leave a man at the altar...	yes
Monica: What's that supposed to mean? Mrs. Geller: Nothing! It's an expression.	yes
Monica: No it's not. Mr. Geller: Don't listen to your mother. You're independent, and you always have been! Even when you were a kid... and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were just fine! And you would read alone in your room, and your puzzles... [Time Lapse.] Mr. Geller: Look, there are people like Ross who need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published. Other people are satisfied with staying where they are- I'm telling you, these are the people who never get cancer. [Time Lapse.] Mr. Geller: ...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem.	yes
Ross: Well, y'know, these people are pros. They know what they're doing, they take their time, they get the job done.	yes
Monica: Boy, I know they say you can't change your parents,... boy, if you could- (To Ross) -I'd want yours.	yes
Phoebe: She's a waitress.	yes
Chandler: Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who... my parents actually preferred.	yes
Rachel: So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped?	yes
Ross: Still, you- you say Minnie, you hear Mouse. Um, how about, um.. how about Julia?	yes
Ross: 'S'funny, um, uh, we agreed we'd spend the rest of our lives together. Things change, roll with the punches. I believe Julia's on the table..?	yes
Barry: See, about a month ago, I wanted to hurt you. More than I've ever wanted to hurt anyone in my life. And I'm an orthodontist.	yes
Rachel: Wow.	yes
Ross: Thank you!	yes
Ross: Oh, 's'funny, really? Um, I don't remember you making any sperm.	yes
Susan: Yeah, and we all know what a challenge that is!	yes
Carol: Ross. You're not actually suggesting Helen Willick-Bunch-Geller? 'Cause I think that borders on child abuse.	yes
Ross: Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch.	yes
Ross: My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do- Dr. Oberman: (entering) Knock knock!How are we today? Any nausea?	yes
All: Yeah. Yeah. A little. Dr. Oberman: Well, I was just wondering about the mother-to-be, but.. thanks for sharing. (To Carol) Uh, lie back..	yes
Chandler: I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.	yes
Phoebe: You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.	yes
Rachel: (on phone) Hi, Mindy. Hi, it-it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I-I saw Barry today. Oh, yeah, yeah he-he told me. No, no, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I really do. Oh, oh, and Mind, y'know, if-if everything works out, and you guys end up getting married and having kids- and everything- I just hope they have his old hairline and your old nose. (Slams the phone down.) (To everyone) Okay, I know it was a cheap shot, but I feel so much better now. End	yes
All: Ohh. Ouch.	yes
Monica: Uh, no. Loosely translated 'We should do this again' means 'You will never see me naked'.	yes
Chandler: Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.	yes
Phoebe: Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'.	yes
Chandler: I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone.	yes
Rachel: (leaving to serve others) Good for me! (The gang swaps all the drinks for what they ordered as Phoebe enters.&nbsp; She sits down without saying hi.)	yes
Chandler: Oh, Satan's minions at work again...	yes
Phoebe: Yes, 'cause now I have to go down there, and deal with them.	yes
Rachel: Yeah, but if you spent it, it would be like shopping!	yes
Chandler: And this- is my reward!	yes
Chandler: Okay, so this time I won't quit!	yes
Monica: Let's see, today's Monday... Never.	yes
Chandler: What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry.	yes
Monica: I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.	yes
Monica: I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.	yes
Monica: (to all) Okay, please be good, please. Just remember how much you all like me. (She opens the door and Alan enters.)	yes
Monica: (to Alan) Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow. (Alan exits, to all) Okay. Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm? (Silence.)	yes
Ross: ...I'll go. Let's start with the way he kept picking at- no, I'm sorry, I can't do this, can't do this. We loved him.	yes
All: Loved him! Yeah! He's great!	yes
Monica: Wait a minute! We're talking about someone that I'm going out with?	yes
All: Yeah!	yes
Rachel: And did you notice...? (She spreads her thumb and index finger.) The Guys: (reluctantly) Yeah.	yes
Joey: Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.	yes
Phoebe: Yes, yes! Like the man in the shoe!	yes
Ross: ...What shoe?	yes
Phoebe: From the nursery rhyme. 'There was a crooked man, Who had a crooked smile, Who lived in a shoe, For a... while...' (Dubious pause.)	yes
Ross: ...So I think Alan will become the yardstick against which all future boyfriends will be measured.	yes
Monica: Really!	yes
Chandler: Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhof impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right? (Does the impression)	yes
Monica: Fantastic! I have one question: How is that possible?	yes
Chandler: Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..	yes
Monica: ..I dunno, a little too Alan?	yes
Rachel: Well, no. That's impossible. You can never be too Alan.	yes
Phoebe: I brought you alphabet soup.	yes
Lizzie: Did you pick out the vowels?	yes
Phoebe: Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, &quot;sometimes y&quot;. Uh, I also have something else for you. (She searches in her purse.)	yes
Lizzie: Would you like my tin-foil hat?	yes
Chandler: Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?	yes
Chandler: So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this? (An awkward silence ensues.)	yes
Phoebe: Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered.	yes
Monica: No, he'll be fine. It's the other five I'm worried about.	yes
Chandler: Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.	yes
Chandler: Really? He does? (taking the phone) Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks! (He hands the phone back and stubs out his cigarette.)	yes
Chandler: Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.	yes
Chandler: Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?	yes
Chandler: (deadpan) Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now.	yes
Phoebe: And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?!	yes
Joey: Even nicer when everyone gets to wear their underwear..	yes
Rachel: We didn't change..	yes
Chandler: (sarcastic) Oh, she's sorry! I feel better!	yes
Alan: Wow.	yes
Monica: He said he's really gonna miss you guys. (dubious look)	yes
Phoebe: My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!	yes
Chandler: You got waaaay too much free time.	yes
Ross: Funny, my birthday was seven months ago.	yes
Phoebe: I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.	yes
Rachel: God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally&#151;(opens envelope)&#151;not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.	yes
Ross: You can totally, totally live on this.	yes
Monica: (to Phoebe) I swear I've seen birds do this on Wild Kingdom.	yes
Phoebe: (to Monica) Look, look, I have elbows! (They scream.)	yes
Chandler: We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.	yes
Joanne: Alright. Let's talk reality for a second.	yes
Kiki: Waitressing?	yes
Leslie: Well. Your mom didn't tell us about the blobbies.	yes
Monica: That is the unusual activity. Look, they just wanna see if you're okay.	yes
Rachel: They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, the FICA guys took all my money, everyone I know is either getting married, or getting promoted, or getting pregnant, and I'm getting coffee! And it's not even for me! So if that sounds like I'm okay, okay, then you can tell them I'm okay, okay?	yes
Chandler: (to Ross) See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.	yes
Chandler: Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room. (The receptionist glares at him.)	yes
Receptionist: (sarcastic) Any minute now.	yes
Rachel: (miserably) No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese. Pizza Guy: Wait, you're not 'G.Stephanopoulos?' Man, my dad's gonna kill me!	yes
Monica: Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks? Pizza Guy: Yeah, that sounds about right.	yes
Chandler: Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?	yes
Joey: He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.	yes
Ross: Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you...	yes
Joey: With Carol? (Ross gives him a look.) Oh.	yes
Joey: Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight!	yes
Monica: Well, unless goose is a vegetable...ha haaaah!	yes
Phoebe: Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.	yes
Monica: Oh, that's nice!	yes
Monica: Really. Well, at least 'big girls' don't pee in their pants in seventh grade!	yes
Chandler: No, you kidding? The guy's a freak.. (Ross enters off camera)	yes
Receptionist: (sarcastic) Oh, that's attractive.	yes
Chandler: Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.	yes
Ross: ...Now that was fun. Closing Credits	yes
Rachel: (on phone) I've got magic beans. (Listens) Never-never mind.	yes
Rachel: Come on! You guys can pee standing up.	yes
Chandler: We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.	yes
Phoebe: Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care. (Long pause.)	yes
Ross: Multiple orgasms! Opening Credits	yes
Ross: Not even, say, breaking up with Janice?	yes
Joey: Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man, just stop calling.	yes
Chandler: Oh, thanks, but I think she'd feel like we're gangin' up on her.	yes
Chandler: Ooh, I hate when my father calls me that.	yes
Rachel: Oh, yeah, yeah. Actually, I got the extended disco version, with three choruses of &quot;You'll never make it on your own&quot;.	yes
Monica: Wow, being dumped by you obviously agrees with her.	yes
Rachel: Oh, big glamour night. Me and Monica at Laundorama.	yes
Ross: Oh, you uh, you wanna hear a freaky coincidence? Guess who's doing laundry there too?	yes
Angela: Bob is great. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. You, you go on three auditions a month and you call yourself an actor, but Bob...	yes
Monica: Forget it. Not after your cousin who could belch the alphabet.	yes
Ross: It's laundry. The thinking through is minimal.	yes
Chandler: Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwear&#151;you want it to be dirty?	yes
Monica: ...horribly attractive. I'll be shutting up now.	yes
Phoebe: This is nice. We never do anything just the two of us.	yes
Chandler: It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.	yes
Phoebe: Ok, have a good break-up.	yes
Monica: How, how did that happen?	yes
Joey: Oh, like you've never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.	yes
Chandler: (to Phoebe) I hit her in the eye! I hit her in the eye! This is the worst break-up in the history of the world.	yes
Phoebe: Oh my god. (Chandler downs another espresso.) How many of those have you had?	yes
Chandler: Oh, I don't know, a million?	yes
Phoebe: Chandler, easy, easy. Go to your happy place. La la la la la la la.	yes
Chandler: We should always always break up together.	yes
Rachel: Oh, I guess. Except everything looks like jammies now. (The same woman walks over and takes Rachel's laundry cart.)	yes
Woman: Yeah, well, I had a 24-inch waist. You lose things. Now come on, get outta my way. (Rachel looks at Ross, who motions to her to get the cart back.)	yes
Rachel: Hey, hey, hey, hey, quit making up rules!	yes
Rachel: I could not have done this without you. (Rachel stands up and kisses Ross. He is stunned. A moment of silence follows.)	yes
Monica: We ripped that couple apart, and kept the pieces for ourselves.	yes
Ross: What a beautiful story. Hey, I'm fine by the way.	yes
Phoebe: Oh, he needed some time to grieve. (Chandler runs by the window outside, joyous.)	yes
Chandler: I'm free! I'm free!	yes
Chandler: You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...	yes
Phoebe: The exclamation point in the title scares me. (Gesturing) Y'know, it's not just Freud, it's Freud! (The lights dim.)	yes
Rachel: God. I feel violated.	yes
Monica: Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body, to have something else to do?	yes
Chandler: She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!	yes
Chandler: Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'	yes
Rachel: Oh, c'mon. She's a person, you can do it!	yes
Chandler: Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here.	yes
Chandler: Thank you, buddy.	yes
Phoebe: Oh, oh, but y'know, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.	yes
Monica: You could do that!	yes
Chandler: Y'think?	yes
All: Yeah!	yes
Chandler: Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue...	yes
Ross: C'mon! C'mon!	yes
All: Hey! You're in a play! I didn't know you could dance! You had a beard!	yes
All: ...Hey! You're in a play! I didn't know you could dance! You had a beard!	yes
All: (admitting) Saw your head. Saw your head.	yes
Phoebe: Based on this play? ...Based on this play!	yes
Chandler: Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.	yes
Chandler: It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army... (A flashback of Aurora and Chandler on their date in Central Perk is denoted by italics.)	yes
Chandler: Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!	yes
Joey: When I'm with a woman, I need to know that I'm going out with more people than she is.	yes
Ross: Oh yeah, nobody knows. And we're not supposed to ask.	yes
Chandler: Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.	yes
Chandler: Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.	yes
Monica: Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want, just don't ever tell me what you did in there.	yes
Director: I think his butt would like to get this shot before lunch. Once again, rolling... water working... and action....and cut. What was that?	yes
Chandler: No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.	yes
Chandler: (to Ross) &quot;Big guy?&quot;	yes
Joey: Hard to tell, I was naked.	yes
Phoebe: No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.	yes
Phoebe: Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. (plays a chord, then the lights go out) OK, thank you very much.	yes
Chandler: Oh, great. This is just... (Chandler sees that there is a gorgeous model inside the vestibule with him. He makes a gesture of quiet exuberance.) Opening Credits	yes
Rachel: Wow, this is so cool, you guys. The entire city is blacked out!	yes
Rachel: Wow, you guys, this is big.	yes
Monica: (into phone) Pants and a sweater? Why, mom? Who am I gonna meet in a blackout? Power company guys? Eligible looters? Could we talk about this later? OK. (hangs up)	yes
Chandler: Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy. (Chandler strides proudly across the vestibule and Jill stares at him.)	yes
Ross: And officiating at tonight's blackout, is Rabbi Tribbiani.	yes
Chandler: Yeah, about 300 guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks. (takes phone)	yes
Rachel: I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park.	yes
Ross: (sarcastically) And you didn't marry him because...?	yes
Ross: It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.	yes
Joey: Ross, you're mayor of the zone.	yes
Joey: Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever.	yes
Chandler: Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental note: If Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it. If she offers you mangled animal carcass, you take it.	yes
Ross: No, I mean tonight, in the building. Suddenly. Into our lives.	yes
Ross: (mocking Paolo) Blah blah blah, blah blah blah... blah blaaaaaah.... (Rachel walks away from Paolo, laughing.)	yes
Ross: That's... that's classic.	yes
Phoebe: You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... (they stare at her)... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.	yes
Ross: Do you know the word crapweasel?	yes
Ross: That's funny, because you know, you are a huge crapweasel! (They hug.)	yes
Chandler: Oh, yay&#133;	yes
Monica: Great&#133;	yes
Chandler: Yeah, it&#146;s a very large plane.	yes
Ross: Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she? Mr. Waltham: She&#146;s in hiding. She&#146;s utterly humiliated. She doesn&#146;t want to see you ever again. Mrs. Waltham: We&#146;re very sad that it didn&#146;t work out between you and Emily, monkey. But, I think you&#146;re absolutely delicious. Mr. Waltham: Excuse me, I&#146;m standing right here! Mrs. Waltham: Oh yes, there you are.	yes
Chandler: Yes! Good thing we have that, &#145;Not in New York&#146; rule.	yes
Chandler: And I&#146;m cute too.	yes
Ross: Yeah, yeah, it&#146;ll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?	yes
Joey: Oh, he was this cab driver we had in London.	yes
Chandler: I can't believe she can out run you man!	yes
Chandler: Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY. (Ross bangs his fists together to tell Chandler off, like what was learned last season. Read about it here.)	yes
Joey: Say that to him and you're golden. (She just glares at him.)	yes
Joey: (Jumping out of his way) See ya!! (To the girls.) What the hell was that?!	yes
Monica: Probably some y'know, European good-bye thing he picked up in London.	yes
Phoebe: Well, it felt French. (Joey is intrigued.)	yes
Ross: I can't catch a break!	yes
Rachel: Why? Why not?! People love to hear that!	yes
Rachel: Well, y'know what, no, you do not make my decisions because y'know what, you're fired.	yes
Monica: You can't fire me. I make your decisions and I say, &quot;I'm not fired!&quot; Ha!	yes
Chandler: Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea. (Gets up to leave.)	yes
Rachel: (stopping him) Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just&#151;y'know&#151;stop it!	yes
Phoebe: That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.	yes
Joey: Which, is the new plan!	yes
Rachel: Because (laughs), because, I just heard it. I heard it, and it's ridiculous! I mean, you're married. You're-you're married and it's just ridiculous, and it's like, it's like when said it, I sort of like, I floated up out of my body, y'know? And, and-and then I heard myself say it and then the floating Rachel (laughs) was like, &quot;You are such an idiot!&quot;	yes
Ross: Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding.	yes
Joey: Uh, Pheebs, you're leaking?	yes
Rachel: I am so gonna miss watching you freak people out like that!	yes
Phoebe: That's easy for you to say, I don't see three kids coming out your vagina!	yes
Joey: Are they? I didn't know I cared that much. (The doctor, Dr. Harad, enters.)	yes
Chandler: Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.	yes
Joey: Oh my!	yes
Joey: Not in my head.	yes
Joey: (in a sexy voice) Yep! There's always room for Jell-O&#133;	yes
Rachel: Joey, how do you make that dirty?	yes
Phoebe: It's very weird! I don't want some guy down there telling me, I'm y'know, dilatedamundo!	yes
Phoebe: Hi! And you're going into what grade? Dr. Oberman: Umm, I'm actually a first year resident, but I get that a lot, you see, I-I graduated early&#133;	yes
Phoebe: (interrupting) Uh-huh, me too. Ross, maybe I should've specified that I'd be needing a grown up doctor. Dr. Oberman: Oh no, I'm fully qualified to&#133;	yes
Phoebe: Shh! Doogie, shh! Doesn't anybody understand that I'm gonna be having babies soon? Huh? Go! Go little boy, go! (He runs out and Frank watches him go.)	yes
Frank: Oh cool! You made him cry!	yes
Monica: Me too.	yes
Rachel: Y'know who I always liked? Mork. (Dr. Harad drops what he's doing and stares at her.)	yes
Phoebe: Sorry Frank, I'm kinda in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do. (A male nurse enters.) Male Nurse: Hey!	yes
Chandler: So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?	yes
Ross: I do too! I do too!	yes
Chandler: Okay, keep saying it!	yes
Ross: You did it, man. Joey's Doctor: Would you like to see them? (He hands Joey a little jar.)	yes
Joey: They're so small! (Both he and Ross look at them with satisfied looks on their faces.)	yes
Chandler: Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary&#133; Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.	yes
Monica: (interrupting) Know when to stop.	yes
Phoebe: They're gonna call her Chandler.	yes
Phoebe: Works on you. End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (136,1) (193, 59)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/504pbs.htm" rectangle=" (68,1) (126, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle=" (0,1) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/502kiss.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="20082" endspan -->	yes
Joey: (to Monica and Rachel) He's talking to London!	yes
Joey: Ross! Way to suck up to the family.	yes
Chandler: (entering, happily, with a bottle of champagne, thinking that Monica is the only one there) Ha-ha-ha-(sees everyone)-enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper! Opening Credits	yes
Chandler: Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.	yes
Joey: I'm sorry Pheebs, I just, y'know, I just wanted to do a good deed. Like-like you did with the babies.	yes
Joey: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What about you, having those babies for your brother? Talk about selfish!	yes
Joey: Are you calling you people? (Chandler rolls his eyes.) Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?	yes
Monica: Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.	yes
Phoebe: I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!	yes
Emily: I did. Now I'm the idiot.	yes
Ross: I told her I'd have to think about it. I mean, how the hell am I supposed to make this kind of a decision? (They're all quiet.) I'm actually asking you!	yes
Monica: Yeah! But, he can't not exactly see Emily, I mean that's his wife.	yes
Joey: Now, y'know the bee probably died after he stung ya.	yes
Ross: Well, I don't know what else to do. I mean, I either keep my wife and lose one of my-my-my best friends or I keep my friend and get divorced the second time before I'm 30! So-so if anyone has-has a better suggestion, let's hear it! 'Cause I-I got nothing! All right, don't be shy, any suggestion will do. (There are none.) Okay then. Here we go. Magic 8 Ball, should I never see Rachel again? (He turns it over and reads the answer) Ask again later. Later is not good enough. (He shakes it up again and reads the answer.) Ask again later. What the hell! This is broken! It-it is broken!	yes
Monica: All right, let me see. (She grabs the 8 ball.) Will Chandler have sex tonight? (Reads the answer.) Don't count on it. Seems like it works to me.	yes
Chandler: Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!	yes
Chandler: Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him. (She starts to take off her latex gloves.) Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.	yes
Monica: Well that's because you always sleep to noon, silly! This is what 9 looks like.	yes
Monica: All weekend? That's a whole lotta naked.	yes
Monica: Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.	yes
Chandler: I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.	yes
Joey: Doesn&#146;t seem like it's going to work, I mean&#133;	yes
Chandler: We're flipping Monica's mattress.	yes
Chandler: Oh yes, somebody just said, &quot;Can you hear anything?&quot; (Joey is bent over at the waist and is looking for something under Monica's bed.)	yes
Monica: Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?	yes
Joey: You don't know how long we're gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.	yes
Chandler: And condoms are the way to do that? [Cut to the living room.]	yes
Ross: Le Poo's still alive?!	yes
Phoebe: I know it's le poo right now, but it'll get better.	yes
Chandler: Oh, you should live with Joey, Roll-os everywhere.	yes
Chandler: (looks at what she's holding and shies away) Oh dear God, they gave us glasses!	yes
Chandler: I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch-(realizes)-have a perfect, magical weekend together with you. [Time lapse, Monica and Chandler have changed rooms yet again.]	yes
Chandler: Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun?	yes
Chandler: Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?	yes
Monica: I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!	yes
Chandler: Do not speak ill of the dead.	yes
Rachel: Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le Poo died!	yes
Rachel: Oh yeah, really? Is it Ross? Yeah? Okay, well let me make this a just a little bit easier for you.	yes
Rachel: Storming out!	yes
Chandler: Uh, no, I got to see Donald Trump waiting for an elevator.	yes
Monica: Oh, it was awful. (To Chandler) I guess some people just don't appreciate really good food.	yes
Chandler: Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have diarrhea.	yes
Monica: Chandler stole a twenty from my purse!	yes
Joey: I told ya.	yes
Monica: Maybe I could do it.	yes
Joey: I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there. (Points over his shoulder.)	yes
Rachel: (To Joey) Do you even know who Kip is?	yes
Rachel: Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.	yes
Chandler: Yes that would have made more sense.	yes
Phoebe: Oh, sure! (She gets up to leave.) Bye Ross! (Whispering behind his back.) Forever.	yes
Ross: No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and just see their college roommates at reunions and just see Joey at Burger King. So is, is that better?	yes
Rachel: Well, for starters I would've said the right name at my wedding!	yes
Chandler: I just came over to drop off&#133;nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh?	yes
Monica: Ohh, welcome to an adult relationship! (She goes to kiss him.)	yes
Monica: I'm afraid so.	yes
Joey: Aww, I don't want to see that! [Cut to Phoebe and Rachel.]	yes
Monica: Guys, rules are good! Rules help control the fun! (They all leave and close the door on Monica.) Ohhh! (Throws her notepad down in disgust.) End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (136,0) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle=" (68,1) (127, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle=" (0,1) (59, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/504pbs.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="8835" endspan -->	yes
Joey: Look, just because I know about you two, doesn't mean I like looking at it.	yes
Joey: Well, I'm sorry if I'm not a middle-aged black woman! (Starts for his room.) And I'm also sorry if sometimes I go to the wrong audition! Okay, look, if I have to pretend I don't know about you two, then you two are gonna have to pretend there's nothing to know about. Chandler and Monica: Okay.	yes
Chandler: Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour. (Phoebe stares at him wide-eyed. Chandler sees her reaction.) That didn't happen, I made that up!	yes
Monica: (looking at the flyer) This is all of your things.	yes
Monica: So basically, this is a getting-rid-of-everything-Rachel-ever-used sale.	yes
Phoebe: Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green. (Ross suddenly gets up and heads for the bathroom.)	yes
Joey: (after Ross is gone) What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?	yes
Chandler: You're on in 5 Ms. Minnelli.	yes
Ross: Nothing. Oh, actually, great news! I just got off the phone with Emily and it looks like I'm moving to a new apartment. Woo-hoo!	yes
Joey: That's way uptown! That's like three trains away! (Phoebe pinches him.) Which is great! I love to ride that rail!	yes
Ross: Yes! Yes! I mean it's-it's kinda far from work, but uh, y'know, I'll get so much done on the commute. I-I've been given the gift of time!	yes
Chandler: Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum. (Ross exits.)	yes
Monica: Oh he's nice. He's nice! Y'know, you always stick up for the people we fog!	yes
Rachel: Hi! Sorry to bother you, but I don't think we can accept your acceptance of our apology, it just doesn't really seem like you mean it.	yes
Rachel: Really! What is with that guy? I mean you'd forgive me if I fogged you.	yes
Monica: Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.	yes
Rachel: What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!	yes
Phoebe: This is fashion?! (Grabs the coat from Rachel.) Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. (She puts the coat on and starts to model it.) Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? (Sees herself in the mirror.) 'Cause I do.	yes
Chandler: Okay, what is in here? Rocks?	yes
Chandler: So, rocks. (He picks up a smaller box and carries it to the moving van as Joey returns.)	yes
Chandler: Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened.	yes
Joey: Well, I'm keeping so many things to myself these days, something was bound to slip out! (He glares at Chandler.)	yes
Chandler: Well, I think it's very brave what you said. (Monica pats Joey on the shoulder.)	yes
Chandler: Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?	yes
Danny: Absolutely. Some people are just into appearances.	yes
Danny: That's cool. Cool. (Starts to leave.)	yes
Danny: Come on, you got the shopping bags and the Sack's catalog.	yes
Rachel: Well, y'know, if-if kids like to play with Capri pants.	yes
Danny: I'm hungry. Wanna get some pizza? You can keep yelling if there's more.	yes
Danny: Stop saying that. I hate that.	yes
Phoebe: Okay, now you're just taking lines right out of the song!	yes
Phoebe: Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!	yes
Joey: Well uh, I don't know about who's here, but I can tell you for damn sure who's not here and that's Rachel!!	yes
Phoebe: (to the squirrel) Okay, stop tormenting me! This mink! Okay, they're mean! And they hate squirrels! And y'know, okay, most of these probably wanted to be coats! (The squirrel stares at her.) All right, fine, now I get it. (To the clerk.) Here. (She hands him her coat.) You take it. (To the squirrel.) Are you happy now? I'm cold! End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(137,0) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(68,0) (127, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(0,1) (59, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/505kips.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="621" endspan -->	yes
Ross: Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin suddenly wants his apartment back.	yes
Ross: Who needs a lease when it's family!	yes
Chandler: Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair!	yes
Chandler: He thought you said gonad. (Joey busts out laughing.) Opening Credits	yes
Phoebe: Umm, do health inspectors work on commission?	yes
Larry: No, bribes. (Phoebe laughs.)	yes
Phoebe: Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.	yes
Phoebe: Hey, you should really read that book you wrote. (To Larry) Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that she'd have to go in there hatless to get it. You can have your own health inspector detective show!	yes
Monica: Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married. (Danny enters.)	yes
Rachel: Hi Danny! (Notices his box of liquor he's carrying.) Wow! Thirsty huh?	yes
Rachel: That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole I've got a party thing y'know, trying to get me to hint around for an invitation. Blew up in his face, didn't it?	yes
Chandler: Love what you've done with the place.	yes
Chandler: Oh, the tears are real.	yes
Larry: Oh, will you mind if I wash up? Because I came straight from work and who knows where these babies (Holds up his hands) have been.	yes
Chandler: (notices something) Oh my God, the air purifier! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was (makes a humming noise.)	yes
Joey: Dude, you should've gone out once and a while.	yes
Joey: Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!	yes
Danny: Take care. (Leaves.)	yes
Joey: Ahhhhhhhhhh&#133; (Notices Ross looking at him and stops. Ross gives him his 'quiet down' maneuver. Okay, this may take a while to explain, so center this on you screen and place your hands about a foot apart with your fingers together and pointing straight up. Now take you fingers and point them at the other hand and making a 90-degree angle with each of your hands and the first knuckle counting up from the wrist. Now take your right hand, no your other right (that was for the dyslexics), and lower it a couple of inches, so that the fingers are pointing at your wrist. Now take your arms and keeping the elbows bent and your hands in front of you spread out your arms, kinda like making a bird's wing. Now hunch your shoulders over and move you hands up and down as if you are trying to tell some one to turn it down. That's Ross 'quiet down' maneuver. Well, there is an accompanying face, but I don't want to try and describe it as well.)	yes
Chandler: (entering) Hello children!	yes
Chandler: Bye-bye little puppet Joey hand?	yes
Joey: Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?	yes
Chandler: (gasps) All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!	yes
Monica: I don't know, clean places?	yes
Monica: The fake kind! (She opens the door and Rachel hides behind it.)	yes
Joey: Oh that's mine too! (Grabs it and Ross looks at him.) I'm Italian!	yes
Chandler: Not even on page 7?	yes
Joey: But it's available now! Isn't it?	yes
Chandler: Let's go quicker.	yes
Chandler: Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub.	yes
Joey: Somebody was using his head. Hey, let's check out the rest of the place. (They don't move, just look all around them.)	yes
Chandler: Yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks.	yes
Joey: Oh, it's perfect!	yes
Chandler: It's a kitchen slash bathroom.	yes
Phoebe: Ooh, I love that place! (Thinks about it.) So, no.	yes
Larry: Oh, so you're saying you'd choose convenience over health?!	yes
Phoebe: Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?	yes
Phoebe: Thank you. (To Gunther, who's standing there frozen) Okay, go! Go! Go! (He runs off.) (To Larry) Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.	yes
Joey: Maybe, maybe we did a good thing, helping Ross get back on his feet!	yes
Chandler: Yes that was a nice place!	yes
Chandler: Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!	yes
Danny: Bread. Aren't you a chef? (Rachel returns.)	yes
Monica: I thought there wasn't a ball?	yes
Rachel: Oh, come on! He's glad that I came, he doesn't want me to go anywhere, balls flying all over the place!	yes
Rachel: (laughs) Yeah, okay, at ease solider!	yes
Rachel: No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingman right? You guys are best buds. Frat bros!	yes
Rachel: Yeah, yeah, you go talk to your friend. You tell him, &quot;Nice try.&quot; (He walks off.)	yes
Rachel: Man! He just keeps lobbing them up and I just keep knocking them right out of the park!	yes
Joey: You're kidding!	yes
Chandler: You're kidding, no!	yes
Chandler: Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?	yes
Joey: Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some tea! (Chandler does so.) End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(69,0) (128, 80)  " rectangle="(136,0) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(67,2) (128, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(0,0) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/506yeti.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="41627" endspan -->	yes
Monica: Phoebe, you have to lift it and point.	yes
Joey: Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs. (Note: Actually, I think every guy is thankful for thongs. That and spandex. J ) Opening Credits	yes
Joey: I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?	yes
Chandler: Are you aware that you're still talking?	yes
Monica: Is anyone thankful for anything else besides a thong?	yes
Ross: Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.	yes
Phoebe: Wow! See, and I didn't think you'd be able to come up with anything.	yes
Chandler: No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.	yes
Joey: Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!	yes
Chandler: It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family. (And with that, we start a series of flashbacks to Thanksgiving's of years gone by.) Thanksgiving 1978	yes
[Scene: The Bing household, Mr. and Mrs. Bing and Young Chandler are eating Thanksgiving dinner as a housekeeper serves them.] Mrs. Bing: Now Chandler dear, just because your father and I are getting a divorce it doesn't mean we don't love you. It just means he would rather sleep with the house-boy than me. The Housekeeper: More turkey Mr. Chandler? (And he makes eyes at him.) Present Day	yes
Chandler: Really? Worse than, &quot;More turkey Mr. Chandler?&quot;	yes
Phoebe: Oh, did the little rich boy have a problem with the butler? Yes, mine's worse! Thanksgiving 1862	yes
Phoebe: Of course you don't sweetie. You're brand new.	yes
Chandler: It's exactly like it sounds. Thanksgiving 1992	yes
Joey: (pointing) It worked! I scared ya, I knew it! Ha-ha!	yes
Chandler: I'm over here big guy.	yes
Ross: Yeah that's the same.	yes
Chandler: Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.	yes
Monica: I'll get it! (She runs in, and she's her old fat self like The One With The Prom Video. Not only that, she's out of breath after running a short distance. She goes over and opens the door to reveal Rachel with her old nose.) Happy Thanksgiving! Big Nosed Rachel: Not for me. Chip and I broke up! Fat Monica: Oh, why? Why? What happened? Big Nosed Rachel: Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over&#133; Fat Monica: Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower. Big Nosed Rachel: Okay, Monica, can you just call it sex?! It really creeps me out when you call it that! Okay, and by the way, while we're at it, a guy's thing is not called his tenderness. Believe me! (Walks into the living room and greets Monica's parents.) Hi! Mr. Geller: Hi Rachel! Big Nosed Rachel: Happy Thanksgiving! Mrs. Geller: You too sweethart!	yes
Ross: Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food. Mrs. Geller: Oh, well, I'm so glad you brought him here then. Fat Monica: Umm, Chandler, if you want I can make you some macaroni and cheese for dinner.	yes
Ross: Well, that's cool. So did&#133; (She walks away from him and he shuts up.) (Rachel wanders into the kitchen where Monica is making Chandler's dinner.) Big Nosed Rachel: Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs! Fat Monica: I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson. Big Nosed Rachel: Y'know what? I've just had it with high school boys! They are just silly. (Ross is overhearing this.) Silly, stupid boys! I'm going to start dating men!	yes
Ross: Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for. Fat Monica: Call them mom and dad you loser!	yes
Chandler: Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a chef. Fat Monica: Okay! (He gets up and walks away as Rachel come running over all excited.) Big Nosed Rachel: Guess what?! All that stuff about Nancy Branson being a slut was all a rumor so Chip dumped her and he wants to come over to my house tonight! Fat Monica: Oh that's so great! Big Nosed Rachel: I know! Fat Monica: Oh gosh, listen if you and Chip do it tonight, promise me you'll tell me everything. Big Nosed Rachel: Oh totally, totally. Y'know it's not that big of deal, we already kinda did it once y'know. Fat Monica: I know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it! Big Nosed Rachel: I know, I know. And oh, and this time Chip promised that-that this time it will last at least for an entire song! [Cut to the kitchen, Ross and Chandler are doing the dishes.]	yes
Chandler: Dude, don't do that too me! (Monica enters behind them.)	yes
Ross: Hey! (Upon hearing this, Monica starts to break down and storms out. Only to be stopped by her parents.) Mrs. Geller: (holding two pies) Monica, why don't you finish off these pies? I don't have any more room left in the fridge. Fat Monica: No. No, thank you! Mr. Geller: Well Judy, you did it! She's finally full! Commercial Break	yes
Chandler: I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud!	yes
Ross: I can't believe you let George Michael slap you.	yes
Ross: Hey. (To his parents) Happy Thanksgiving! Mr. Geller: (To Chandler) God, your hair sure is different!	yes
Monica: Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!	yes
Rachel: Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.	yes
Monica: What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!	yes
Rachel: Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.	yes
Rachel: Then, you will definitely get him back!	yes
Rachel: Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this dishtowel! (She grabs it and starts rubbing it on her cheek.) Ooh, ooh, this feels sooo good against my cheek! And-and if I feel a little hot, I can just dab myself with it. Or I can bring it down to my side and bring it through my fingers while I talk to him.	yes
Monica: Boy, I love carrots! Oh! (She picks up a bunch of them and holds them between her fingers.) Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you. (She is rubbing her hip with the carrots.) Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this knife (She picks up a knife without putting the box down. She's holding the box between her cheek and shoulder) and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm, (Pause) my body. (She doesn't have any exposed skin within reach of the knife, so while holding the carrots in one hand and the box between her face and shoulder, she rubs the knife on her stomach.)	yes
Monica: What?! What is it? The Doctor: You brought a carrot.	yes
Rachel: You brought a carrot?! Mrs. Geller: Oh my God! There's a toe in my kitchen.	yes
Monica: Wait, no-no-no, I can go really fast! Dad, give me the keys to your Porsche! Mr. Geller: Oh, I'm not falling for that one! Present Day	yes
Chandler: That's why for an entire year people called me Sir Limps-A-Lot?!	yes
Chandler: Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail. (He storms out.)	yes
Ross: (To Joey) Sir Limps-A-Lot, I came up with that.	yes
Joey: You're a dork. [Cut to the hallway, Chandler is standing in front of his door.]	yes
Chandler: Yeah, well, sorry doesn&#146;t bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later.	yes
Chandler: Oh-oh, I'm a duck! I go, &quot;Quack, quack!&quot; I&#146;m happy all the time! (There's a knock on the door and Chandler gets up to answer it. He opens the door to reveal Monica with a turkey over her head.)	yes
Chandler: You are so great! I love you! (Monica stops suddenly and turns around slowly.)	yes
Chandler: Nothing! I said, I said &quot;You're so great&quot; and then I just, I just stopped talking!	yes
[Scene: The Western front during World War I, Phoebe, in yet another past life, is once again a nurse tending to yet another dying soldier. But this time she's doing it with a French accent.] French Phoebe:&nbsp; Gauze! Gauze! I need to get some gauze in here! Can I please get some gauze in here! (A shell explodes outside next to the tent and when the smoke clears, Phoebe still has her arm.) Whew! (Her arm falls off and starts pumping out blood.) This is getting ridiculous uh! End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (137,1) (194, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/509towrs.htm" rectangle=" (68,0) (128, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle=" (2,0) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/507rmi.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="8904" endspan -->	yes
Chandler: Top of the world? Dock of the bay? (He tries to think of another but can't) I'm out.	yes
Phoebe: (taking something out of the couch) Ew-eww!! Undies! (She throws them into the kitchen and Rachel picks them up with the handle of a large spoon. Chandler and Monica have horrified looks on their faces.)	yes
Ross: Well, they're not mine!	yes
Chandler: Well, they're Joey's! They gotta be Joey's! (Rachel turns and stares at him.)	yes
Joey: Yeah, they're mine.	yes
Chandler: See? They're Joey's! J-J-J-J-J-Joey's!	yes
Joey: I don't know uhh&#133; (Pause as he thinks about it.) Well, I'm Joey. Yeah, I'm disgusting, I take my underwear off in other people's homes.	yes
Joey: That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! (Realizes he still has the underwear in his hand.) Ahh! (Throws them towards Chandler's room.) And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?	yes
Joey: Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! (To Monica) Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and (He puts his leg on the chair and pulls up his pants leg to reveal that he now has shaved legs.)	yes
Monica: (inspecting his leg) Wow! And around the ankles, y'know that is a tough spot.	yes
Joey: Oh-oh, yeah-yeah, I bet all the sex makes it easier!	yes
Joey: Didn't think so. Opening Credits	yes
Chandler: Well, what did the police say?	yes
Ross: My Thanksgiving leftover sandwich. I can't believe someone ate it!	yes
Ross: Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!	yes
Chandler: (reading) Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who? Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay?	yes
Joey: I'm surprised you didn't go home wearing your lunch.	yes
Phoebe: Okay, look you wanna hold onto your food? You gotta scare people off. I learned that living on the street.	yes
Ross: Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, &quot;Keep your mitts off my grub?&quot;	yes
Chandler: Say Ross, when you picture Phoebe living on the street, is she surrounded by the entire cast of Annie?	yes
Phoebe: Would you care to venture one? The Teacher: Are you just repeating what I'm saying?	yes
Phoebe: Are you just repeating what I'm saying? The Teacher: All right, let's move on.	yes
Ross: Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.	yes
Monica: Yeah, the best you got in high school was Wet Pants Geller.	yes
Ross: That was the water fountain! Okay?! Anyway, people are writing reports for me, uh pushing back deadlines to meet my schedule, I'm telling you, you get tough with people you can get anything you want. (Joey walks by with a cup of coffee.) Hey Tribbiani, give me that coffee! Now! (Joey casually pushes Ross over the back of the couch and sits down proud of himself.)	yes
Joey: So you uh, still wondering?	yes
Joey: You're smart. I like that. (He goes to open the door to his apartment, but finds it locked. As he's getting out his keys, Chandler and Monica quickly jump up from making out in the living room and run to Chandler's bedroom. The apartment has about 20 candles burning all over the place. Joey opens the door and ushers Cynthia in.)	yes
Rachel: And with Chandler in the next room. What are you, what are you sick? (Chandler silently pleads with Joey to cover for them.)	yes
Joey: I'm Joey. I mean, I'm disgusting. I make low-budget adult films. (Points at Chandler, angrily.) Commercial Break	yes
Joey: You guys promised you'd be more careful! I mean, come on! The good Joey name is being dragged through the mud here!	yes
Joey: Well, I'm telling everyone about you! That's the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesn't make me look like a pig!	yes
Joey: Well, get ready to come out of the non-gay closet!	yes
Joey: All right. Hey, but it better make me look really, really good. (Starts for his room.) Oh, and another thing, the video camera? Nice!!	yes
Ross: Oh no, you-you don't understand. Ugh, this is so silly. Umm, this is all because of a sandwich. Dr. Leedbetter: (laughs) A sandwich?	yes
Ross: (losing control, we hear him shout outside) MY SANDWICH?!!! [Cut to a shot of a park.]	yes
Ross: MY SANDWICH!!!!!! (Ross's scream scares a flight of pigeons away.)	yes
Phoebe: You didn't read this one either?!	yes
Rachel: Come on Phoebe! Don&#146;t be such a goodie-goodie!	yes
Phoebe: Fine! Okay, all right, so Jane Eyre, first of all, you'd think she's a woman, but she's not. She's a cyborg.	yes
Phoebe: Yeah, this book was light years ahead of its time. The Teacher: (entering) Sorry I'm late. Let's get started. So, what did everybody think about Jane Eyre?	yes
Phoebe: Umm, Rachel and I were just discussing it and she had some very interesting insights. The Teacher: Well, go ahead Rachel.	yes
Chandler: (gasps) You're naked in this picture!	yes
Chandler: And you're okay with that?	yes
Ross: I don't know. It's going to be weird not having a job for a while, but I, I definitely don't care about my sandwich.	yes
Phoebe: Well, I snapped! Okay? You weren't taking the class seriously.	yes
Rachel: Ohh. Oh, so you really wanted to learn. Yeah, y'know, Pheebs I just wanted to have fun. Ohh, you know who you should go with?	yes
Phoebe: All right, wait! Just wait. Everybody just calm down. Okay? Let's give our friend Joey a chance to explain why he's such a big pervert!	yes
Chandler: Joey's a sex addict.	yes
Monica: I guess I wanted to keep it (Pause) as a souvenir.	yes
Chandler: Are you sure Joe? Are you sure you're not just a sex addict?	yes
Joey: No! If anyone's a sex addict here, it's Monica! Yeah. Yeah. She has been trying to get me back in the sack ever since London!	yes
Monica: I'm Monica. I'm disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants.	yes
Phoebe: I really thought you making a good point. I mean y'know, until you got cut off. A Female Student: Yeah, what's up with that girl Monica?	yes
Monica: Come on! Tests make us all better learners! Oh yeah! (Running out) We should have essay questions!! End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(137,0) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(68,1) (128, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(1,0) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/508towtf.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="1674" endspan -->	yes
Joey: Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You&#146;ve got to spread it out a little, you know. Haven&#146;t you ever been unemployed?	yes
Joey: Hey, don&#146;t get religious on me, ok. (Ross looks a little confused.) A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here&#133;sit down. (Ross sits down.) Ready? (Joey flips the foot rest up.) Ahh!! (He reclines the chair fully.) Ohh, yeah!! Huh?!	yes
Chandler: (Angrily) Alright, whoever this is, stop calling me! (Ross and Joey laugh silently.) It&#146;s been six months! It&#146;s not funny!	yes
Joey: But, I love you.	yes
Monica: You know, I knew a girl in high school who did that. She was very popular. (Chandler laughs.)	yes
Joey: So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your bell ringing?	yes
Monica: Danny? You know Rachel? She&#146;s nice. She&#146;s not bad to look at, right?	yes
Danny: (To Monica) On the date, I will be able to talk to her directly? (To Rachel) See ya Friday. (He walks out.)	yes
Rachel: (Somewhat angrily) Okay. What the hell was that? You know what? Don&#146;t answer me. (Giggling) I have a date with Danny.	yes
Estelle: Well, you&#146;re just going to say no again but...gay porn.	yes
Phoebe: Is that a new Swede jacket? It looks really expensive.	yes
Phoebe: Just get your nails done?	yes
Phoebe: Okay, Seasons Greetings and everything, but still&#133; The Man: Bite me, blondie! (The man storms off.)	yes
Phoebe: Oh, I'm going to give him something else besides joy, just&#133; (She scowls at him.)	yes
Joey: Don&#146;t stop! Move the bowl further away! Ross could make that shot! (Chandler slides the bowl to the far end of the counter. He tries again, but he hits the spoon to hard and the ball goes flying away.)	yes
Joey: Well, you suck! But at least you suck at a man's game now.	yes
Chandler: Okay, but be careful okay, because I wanna get our security deposit back.	yes
Chandler: Do you even remember which part of the wall is not spackle?	yes
Joey: Uh yeah, right here. (He punches his fist through the wall next to the door.)	yes
Ross: This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the creator of crazy lawsuit game!	yes
Rachel: So did I. I'm really glad Monica asked us out. (He kisses her.)	yes
Danny: Like it would help.	yes
Danny: You are so dead! I'm gonna get you. (He starts chasing her around Rachel a couple of times before she runs into the living room and he tackles her on the couch where he starts tickling her.)	yes
Monica: Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.	yes
Phoebe: Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry. (Leaves.)	yes
Ross: Uh, you weighted 200 pounds.	yes
Ross: Yeah, not since I got too strong for you.	yes
Rachel: Okay, y'know what uh, actually, that's great. That helps a lot. Thanks. (She leaves them to wrestle.)	yes
Ross: I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.	yes
Joey: Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.	yes
Chandler: The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.	yes
Chandler: Oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total jerk?	yes
Ross: If it does? Then you're an amazing friend of mine.	yes
Ross: How about we settle this right now! (He rips up the tickets.) There! Now, no one's going to the game. Ha-ha-ha!	yes
Danny: &#133;so we finally get to the top of the mountain and airhead here (His sister) forgets the camera!	yes
Joey: Don't you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to take a picture&#151;I didn't have my camera!	yes
Chandler: Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.	yes
Rachel: Oh, great!	yes
Joey: They're brother and sister!!!	yes
Phoebe: Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution! (The guy starts to walk away with a hurt look on his face.) And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too! (Her boss and a co-worker walk up.) Hi Bob! (The same old lady from before walks bye.) (To the old lady.) I thought I told you to get outta here!	yes
Danny: Oh great! That special bond again! Why do women have such a problem with the fact that I'm close with my sister?	yes
Rachel: No, I have two sisters. But one of them has a very masculine energy.	yes
Chandler: Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?	yes
Ross: Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.	yes
Ross: Yay!	yes
Chandler: Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!	yes
Chandler: Could I be more sorry. (Looks at Joey.)	yes
Chandler: This took you all day?!	yes
Joey: What?! Wait-wait-wait! The handsome man was about to enter!! End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(136,1) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(69,1) (127, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(1,0) (59, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/509towrs.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="2448" endspan -->	yes
Joey: All right! Here we go! 1999! The year of Joey!	yes
Chandler: (deadpan, standing next to Monica) We're very happy for you.	yes
Ross: Awww, man! Really?	yes
Joey: Dude-dude, who would you rather have kiss your sister, me or Chandler?	yes
Phoebe: It's so obvious, why doesn't he just ask?	yes
Ross: Y'know what? I'm gonna go out on a limb and say no divorces in '99!	yes
Chandler: Do you want us to leave the room, or?	yes
Chandler: That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.	yes
Phoebe: Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.	yes
Monica: She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.	yes
Ross: In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.	yes
Chandler: I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the &quot;new thing you do that day!&quot; (Ross looks at him.) And it starts right now!	yes
Joey: Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.	yes
Phoebe: Well, I taught me and I love me.	yes
Joey: Yeah that'd be great! Thanks Pheebs!	yes
Rachel: Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.	yes
Monica: Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.	yes
Monica: Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.	yes
Joey: Nice!! Yeah! Is that part of your resolution, your new thing for today?	yes
Joey: Oh really! Where? Somewhere funny I'd bet! (Chandler is straining to keep quiet as Phoebe enters.)	yes
Phoebe: Hornswoggle? (To Chandler) Ooh, this must be killing you.	yes
Chandler: What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.	yes
Phoebe: Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.	yes
Rachel: I didn&#146;t! Even when I found out&#133;umm, all right, well let's just say I found something out something about someone and let's just say she's gonna keep it. (Goes into her room.)	yes
Phoebe: Ooh, you nailed the Old Lady! (They both laugh at what she said.)	yes
Phoebe: Then don't touch one!!	yes
Chandler: (notices something) Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants? (Pause, no one speaks.) Someone comment on the pants!	yes
Monica: It's my New Year's resolution!	yes
Ross: What, to blind my child?	yes
Phoebe: G-sharp? Have you been studying the real names of the chords? (Joey doesn't answer.) Have you? (He looks away in shame.) Oh my God!	yes
Joey: No, I'm not questioning it, I'm saying it's stupid! (Notices Monica standing between them and smiling.) What?! (The camera clicks, taking another picture.)	yes
Joey: Your other student, was you!	yes
Phoebe: Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!	yes
Joey: (looking in the Yellow Pages) Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!! (Storms out.)	yes
Phoebe: Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick and tired of hearing you play Bad, Bad Leroy Brown!!	yes
Chandler: (on phone) Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname? (Rachel is absolutely stunned, she opens her mouth in absolute amazement.)	yes
Joey: Well, I'm just&#151;if the paste matches the pants, you can make yourself a pair of paste pants and she won't know the difference!	yes
Joey: I don't care, Rach! Look, I am tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets but can't tell anyone!	yes
Joey: And you're not supposed to be gossiping!!	yes
Phoebe: No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!	yes
Joey: Howdy partner!	yes
Phoebe: Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, someone's bound to leave one of those planes unattended.	yes
Rachel: Good luck, honey!	yes
Joey: You don't know!	yes
Chandler: (entering) Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! (Hands him the 50 bucks he's about to owe him.) Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?! (He sits down and sighs in relief.) End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(136,1) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(68,1) (126, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(1,1) (57, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/510towas.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="1637" endspan -->	yes
Joey: Sorry. Monica and Chandler are making love.	yes
Ross: (disinterested) Hey-yeah. (He hurries up to the counter.) Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please? (To the gang.) Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is getting married! Yeah! And weddings are happy occasions! Oh, by-the-by it's my ex-wife Emily!	yes
Chandler: Did they teach you that in your anger management class?	yes
Chandler: Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party.	yes
Chandler: I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, (Points to Monica) this is Monica. (Points to his boss.) This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.	yes
Chandler: Oh, that was my work laugh.	yes
Chandler: Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.	yes
Chandler: And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. (She glares at him.) Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.	yes
Chandler: Okay, good luck with that. (Exits.)	yes
Phoebe: (gasps) Ohh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. (The chick clucks.) You'll get your turn!	yes
Ross: I was up all night writing this really nasty letter to Emily! It was perfect and now it's all covered in-in&#133; (The duck quacks.) Actually, thanks!	yes
Monica: Am I on fire today or what?! Those birds are browned, basted, and ready to be carved!	yes
Monica: Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't breath and she's popping pills.	yes
Chandler: Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro? (Does his work laugh.) (To Monica) Please let them win!	yes
Monica: I'll take it down to 95% but that's the best I can do. (She serves to Doug who returns it to Chandler. As it bounces over his head Chandler swings and misses.)	yes
Chandler: Yeah, at least you hid your feelings well about it. (Removes a smashed racquet from his bag.)	yes
Monica: Y'know what really bothers me? Is&#151;it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the &quot;I'll see you around, Bing!&quot; &quot;Not if I see you first, Doug!&quot; (Mocks the fake laugh.) I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.	yes
Chandler: Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.	yes
Joey: Maybe we should check the trash chute.	yes
Rachel: Ross couldn't fit down the trash chute.	yes
Rachel: Ohh, out, oh God, I don't know why we didn't think to check there!	yes
Joey: (snaps his fingers) He hooked up! He hooked up with someone.	yes
Joey: He hooked up!! Tell us about her! [Suddenly the door opens and Ross's mystery girl enters. I'll give you a hint to who it	yes
is: OH&#133;.MY&#133;.GAWD!! Uh-huh, it's Janice.]	yes
Rachel: Yeah! No that's what I was thinking.	yes
Janice: So I'm asking you please, take a moment before you judge me.	yes
Janice: Oh! Okay! (To Ross) You, Mister Right Place at the Right Time, call me! (Does her famous, or is that infamous, laugh and exits.) (They all turn and glare at Ross.)	yes
Phoebe: You two will have very hairy children.	yes
Ross: Okay, I didn't know you would say that.	yes
Rachel: Ross! Janice?!	yes
Joey: All right, hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross, okay? He's our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.	yes
Phoebe: So are you actually gonna see her again?	yes
Joey: Phoebe! Don't put ideas in his head!	yes
Joey: Damnit Phoebe!!	yes
Monica: Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.	yes
Monica: Well, if you had kept listening, you-you would have heard me call him Mr. Big&#133;(Thinks)&#133;ot.	yes
Monica: Mr. Bigot. He tells the most racist jokes.	yes
Monica: Me and Chandler?! (Does her fake laugh.)	yes
Joey: Judge rules, no violation.	yes
Doug: Well, maybe I'll bring it out and have Monica stick her finger in it. That oughta sweeten it up, huh? (Once again, with the laugh.) (Doug and Kara go get the coffee.)	yes
Monica: I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.	yes
Doug: (entering) Uh, I gotta apologize for Kara's coffee. Y'know, I feel sorry for it if it ever got in a fight, it's not strong enough to defend itself. (Chandler does not laugh.) Did you hear what I said Bing?	yes
Monica: I thought you could use the help.	yes
Chandler: Coffee in a fight! (Does the laugh again.)	yes
Joey: Oh well, Chandler and Monica are over there and it's kinda hard to concentrate.	yes
Rachel: Oh! What a great way to earn some extra pocket money.	yes
Chandler: Man, she is really gullible. (Monica motions that it went right over Rachel's head.)	yes
Janice: I know! I know! And then you lose your apartment! And then you lose your job! And then your ex-wife gets married so fast! And now the coffee&#151;ahh!! Ross, we need to talk.	yes
Janice: Oh hi! Well, I guess that's two out of three, Joey. (Laughs and exits.) (Joey looks at Ross with a horrified look on his face.) Ending Credits	yes
Chandler: I also want you to remember that I let you live here rent free!	yes
Chandler: And, I want you to remember that I gave you twenty (counts his money) seven dollars. No strings attached. Now, if you can't remember that, I think we should write it down&#151;let's write it down! End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(136,0) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(68,0) (126, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(0,0) (60, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/511towr.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="65105" endspan -->	yes
Chandler: It's so good I don't know what I've done to deserve it!	yes
Chandler: Good-bye muscles!! Opening Credits	yes
Chandler: (examining the hat) And the bunny got away. (Turns and starts looking for the bunny as Joey puts the hat on.)	yes
Chandler: And you're gonna make them all disappear.	yes
Joey: Yeah, like you could find something as sophisticated as this. (Chandler picks up a basket from the table and puts it on his head.)	yes
Chandler: Done.	yes
Joey: Maybe you need sex. I had sex a couple days ago.	yes
Joey: Well, I ain't gonna say no to that.	yes
Ursula: Wow! Didn't she die like five years ago?	yes
Ursula: Thanks! Enjoy your funeral.	yes
Chandler: Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!	yes
Ross: Your make-up!	yes
Joey: Fine! Do you take Vasa or Mustercard? (He's holding the fake credit cards that come with the bag.)	yes
Joey: U-N-I-sexy? (Smiles provocatively.)	yes
Chandler: Pulling flowers out it makes the bag look a lot more masculine. (Another man, an older man, enters, looking around and bumps into Chandler.)	yes
Chandler: And a date with a man!	yes
Monica: Well, at least you scared someone.	yes
Phoebe: Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head off. Fortunately, I'm past it.	yes
Phoebe: As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!	yes
Joey: All right look, let me show you the catalog! (Does so.) See? Huh? It's the latest thing! Everyone's got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyone's carrying them! The Casting Director: Umm, do you sell these bags?	yes
Joey: Yeah but I didn&#146;t read anything. The Casting Director: I think we've seen enough!	yes
Chandler: Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, &quot;Who's the best of that?&quot; They'd have to go to you.	yes
Phoebe: Well, if she isn't then cremating her was a big mistake. Frank Sr.: I can't believe this. I just&#151;I can't believe this. How-how&#151;Oh my God. How long ago?	yes
Phoebe: Yep, lipstick and a daughter, big day for you! Frank Sr.: Phoebe, I-I-I-umm, (Sits down next to her and brushes against her leg.) Oops. (He backs up.) I just, I-I-I-I don&#146;t, I don&#146;t know what to say. I just can't believe that you're my daughter, you're so pretty.	yes
Chandler: Oh my God!	yes
Ross: Nooooo!	yes
Chandler: Yeah umm, they're called wallets. End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(137,1) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(68,1) (128, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(0,0) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/512cwl.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="56638" endspan -->	yes
Chandler: And we're done with the chicken fried rice.	yes
Joey: Hey, yeah! Then we could do that telephone thing! Y'know, you have a can, we have a can and it's connected by a string!	yes
Rachel: Well that is because your eye immediately goes to the big naked man.	yes
Phoebe: You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or&#151;Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!	yes
Phoebe: Oh! Oh, I can't believe it! I mean I think it's great! For him. She might be able to do better.	yes
Joey: Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!	yes
Joey: Noo! I can't take any more secrets! (To Rachel) I've got your secrets. I've got their secrets. I got secrets of my own y'know!	yes
Joey: Oh yeah? Well, you don't know about Hugsy, my bedtime penguin pal. (Joey shies away.)	yes
Chandler: Well, I try to y'know, squeeze things. (Phoebe giggles uncontrollably.) Are you okay?	yes
Chandler: Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.	yes
Chandler: Ow!	yes
Chandler: Oh, y'know I-I can't hear that enough.	yes
Monica: This bicep?	yes
Chandler: Well it's not flexed right now!	yes
Chandler: Your work makes me sad.	yes
Monica: Actually, I did!	yes
Chandler: (a little hurt) Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps&#151;She knows! Commercial Break	yes
Joey: I'm sorry! But hey, it's over now, right? Because you can tell them that you know they know and I can go back to knowing absolutely nothing!	yes
Chandler: Ahh yes, the messers become the messies!	yes
Joey: I'm listening.	yes
Joey: So he likes to break stuff.	yes
Joey: Yeah, poor cat, never saw that big butt coming.	yes
Joey: I couldn't even if I wanted too.	yes
Ross: Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And I-I realize that the competition is fierce but&#151;I'm sorry. I, I can't help but notice you're naked and (He claps his hands.) I applaud you. Man, I wish I was naked. I mean, this-this looks so great. That is how God intended it.	yes
Chandler: Oh yeah, they're totally gonna back down!	yes
Phoebe: Good. I'm really looking forward to you and me having sexual intercourse. (As she walks away, Chandler mouths a scream to Monica. How motions and mouths, &quot;It's okay, it's okay.&quot;)	yes
Chandler: At this?!	yes
Phoebe: Oh now, don't give away the farm! (Phoebe knocks on the door with the wine and Chandler answers it. Rachel hides next to the door.)	yes
Chandler: And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. (Pause) And might I say your breasts are still showing.	yes
Chandler: Oh, I'm going on the lamb.	yes
Joey: Sure, if you cared enough to call it first.	yes
Monica: Guys, you're a few steps ahead of us.	yes
Chandler: Yeah, big zero gravity moon steps.	yes
Rachel: She is so cute! You could fit her right in your little pocket!	yes
Monica: In that cute, little, sweet way she just did?	yes
Joey: Hey, it's a lot harder than it looks! Okay? (Quietly) She-she-she's hurting me.	yes
Chandler: Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.	yes
Rachel: Aww, Joey, come here. (She takes his hand.) Look honey, I know this must be really, really difficult for you and I--Oh, I'm sorry. Am I hurting you?	yes
Chandler: (To Rachel) Sounds like a fun party.	yes
Rachel: Okay, I thought it was about your neighbors liking you.	yes
Rachel: And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.	yes
Chandler: I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I&#146;m right. I'm right. Am I right?	yes
Rachel: No, you're right, you are absolutely right. I mean that makes, that makes everything different.	yes
Rachel: Not unless different means the same.	yes
Monica: Oh and you know what I want!	yes
Chandler: Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!	yes
Monica: You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?! (She storms out.)	yes
Joey: Uh-oh, shht! The Misses.	yes
Phoebe: Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That's always fun to be.	yes
Steve: Oh hey, Ross. Umm, see, I was thinking maybe you two could switch apartments because Phoebe's more our kind of people. Something to think about. (Walks away.) (Ross turns and glares at Phoebe.)	yes
Rachel: Hi! Wow! You look, you look&#133;big.	yes
Rachel: Uhhh, yeah. But it's not obvious why.	yes
Rachel: Whoa! (Laughs) Y'know what Katie? I gotta tell ya I-I-I-I think you are the one who is too much. (She punches Katie back.)	yes
Rachel: Ohh, and the nicest girlfriend! (She retaliates.)	yes
Rachel: Ohh, you're so sweet! (She kicks Katie in the shin.)	yes
Steve: Okay, you got your free food! You ruined everyone's fun! Don't you think it's time you went home?! Guest #3: Yeah, leave!	yes
Phoebe: All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? (Ross is the only one who raises his hand and Phoebe glares at him to put his hand back down.) Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, &quot;Who hear likes Ross,&quot; and he's wearing two nametags! (He takes one off.) I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys (She turns to an elderly gentleman and a 20 something woman, who're a couple.) (To the girl) Gold-digger, (To the old guy) cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.	yes
Phoebe: Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.	yes
Monica: Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?	yes
Chandler: No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. (Laughs.) Will you be my wife?	yes
Monica: (kneels with him) Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.	yes
Monica: Who? Two divorces and Joey?!	yes
Chandler: Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door. (Points at the door.) Ending Credits	yes
Ross: You're right, I'm sorry. Will you marry me? (They all laugh.)	yes
Phoebe: Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.	yes
Rachel: Oh no wait Pheebs, I think for something like that you just ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure, Chandler?	yes
Chandler: Okay, how long is this going to go on.	yes
Monica: Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.	yes
Chandler: Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later. (To Monica) Hey, how about maroon?	yes
Joey: Aww, you guys are so cute!	yes
Chandler: Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. (No one laughs.) Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.	yes
Phoebe: Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year! (She crosses her fingers in hope.)	yes
Joey: Well uh, it's just that uh, y'know if-if you're gonna be wearing someone's sweatshirt shouldn't it be your boyfriends--and I&#146;m not him.	yes
Joey: No-no! No! I mean it's gonna be all smelling like Monica!	yes
Joey: No! No, you smell like a meadow. (Pause.) I'm sorry. (Runs to the bathroom.)	yes
Ross: (To Rachel) Yeah, I still don't know. (To the salesman who is hovering nearby) I'm sorry I just wanna make sure that I bought the right couch. I need a couch that says, &quot;Kids welcome here.&quot; But that also says, (In a sexy voice) &quot;Come here to me!&quot;	yes
Rachel: Ross, honey, it's a nice couch. It's not a magic couch. The Salesman: You picked a great couch.	yes
Ross: Yeah! The Salesman: You two are really gonna enjoy that couch.	yes
Ross: Oh yeah, we're uh, yeah we're not together. (He starts backing out of the store.) The Salesman: Ohh, okay. (Laughs.) Something didn't quite add up there. (Ross stops, walks back to talk to the salesman, and in the process pushes Rachel up against a wall.)	yes
Rachel: Ross! The Salesman: Well you, her, I mean, she's very&#133;y'know. And you're like&#133;y'know.	yes
Phoebe: You can't put your cigarette out on a tree! The Smoking Woman: Yeah I can, it worked real well.	yes
Rachel: Okay, y'know what? There is no more left, left!	yes
Rachel: Any chance you think the couch looks good there?	yes
Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? (Imitating what his famous speech would sound like.) I kinda have a dream! I don&#146;t want to talk about it.	yes
Chandler: No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.	yes
Joey: That kinda sounds like your dream dude.	yes
Monica: You become friends after?	yes
Cop: (following her) Hey by the way, I'm sure Sipowicz is gonna be all right. I heard that kid from Silver Spoons is really good. (Phoebe's stunned) And where did you find my badge?	yes
Joey: Yeah. I understand. I understand. (Pause) Man, I wish I saw Phoebe first!	yes
Ross: Chandler?! You brought Chandler?! The next best thing would be Monica!	yes
Rachel: Wow! You certainly think a lot of yourself.	yes
Chandler: (looking at the sketch) Oh, I see. I thought you just really, really liked your new couch.	yes
Rachel: I know, me neither! I mean, you had a sketch!	yes
Joey: Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly, through no fault of my own, became irresistible to her! (Pause) And her roommate!	yes
Joey: Closeness-shmoshness! There was three of us for crying out loud!	yes
Phoebe: Ohh, impressive.	yes
Chandler: (To Rachel) He has a gun! Closing Credits	yes
Ross: Look, I am a reasonable man. I will accept store credit. The Saleswoman: I'll give you store credit in the amount of four dollars.	yes
Joey: I got this pair marked excess, I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.	yes
Phoebe: Let's just say, I'm glad I'm not Chandler. (Chandler tries to comprehend that remark.) Opening Credits	yes
Joey: That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday, (To Monica) same as the day before.	yes
Monica: Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?	yes
Joey: (waving) Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. (Notices that a woman is waving back.) Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady. (She just stares at him.) (Joey sees how beautiful she is.) Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.	yes
Joey: Tell me about it, huh? (Realizes that she can see Monica.) Oh no-no-no, I'm not with her, she's just Monica! (He pantomimes that out.) Ewwuck! (He pushes Monica away and makes a disgusted face.)	yes
Monica: No Joey, I think he's just watchin' TV. (It's only when the camera cuts to Ross's apartment that we see that the TV is turned off and Ross is indeed doing a bit. He then tries to hide his smirk.)	yes
Monica: Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?	yes
Joey: Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?	yes
Chandler: Well you coulda tried, not kissing him.	yes
Rachel: Thanks Chandler.	yes
Joey: I bet that kiss isn't looking like such a big mistake now, is it?	yes
Rachel: I accidentally kissed him in the interview, and now he wants me back y'know of course, 'cause &quot;Let's bring the girl back who kisses everybody!&quot;	yes
Ross: Yes. I lived with you guys for a while and then I found this place. (Joey just stares at him) I'm Ross. (Joey makes a frustrated face and noise and walks away. He knocks on the next door and it's answered by an old man.) The Old Man: Yes?	yes
Chandler: Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat. Commercial Break	yes
Ross: I don't, I don't think we've meet. I-I'm Ross. The Hot Girl: I know. You're the guy who wouldn't chip in for the handyman.	yes
Chandler: That was amazing.	yes
Joey: Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe, or something.	yes
Chandler: Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean.	yes
Chandler: Oh yeah, it's so cool. (He opens his coat and has it pinned to the lining.) Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100. (Pause, softly) That's pee-pee. (Heads for the bathroom.)	yes
Chandler: No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!	yes
Chandler: Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?	yes
Chandler: Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.	yes
Chandler: Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! (Does a dance of joy.) (Monica glares at him.) And now we're back. Ending Credits	yes
Rachel: Yeah! Oh by the way, thank you for loaning us Pamela and Yasmine. (We see through the big window from the outside and see that Monica and Rachel have pictures of their faces pasted onto cardboard cutouts of Pamela Anderson and Yasmine Bleeth wearing their Baywatch swimsuits.)	yes
Ross: (from his apartment) Man! They cannot get enough! (Makes like he's a robot and waves at the cutouts.) End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(137,2) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(69,1) (126, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(0,1) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/516cop.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="56657" endspan -->	yes
Chandler: That. Opening Credits	yes
Rachel: Uh well, y'know what? I don't think if I feel comfortable stealing on my very first day&#133;	yes
Chandler: Unwilling to steal from work, interesting.	yes
Rachel: Okay guys, way to wish me luck!	yes
Joey: They're gonna do it together.	yes
Chandler: Weirder than watching his two moms make out? (Monica nods in agreement.)	yes
Joey: I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her&#133;	yes
Nancy: She is kidding, but don't ever disagree with her again. Okay, now I'm kidding!	yes
Rachel: (laughing nervously) Oh, what a fun office.	yes
Phoebe: So wow, it looks like you took care of everything. Thanks a lot, co-host.	yes
Phoebe: Cups and ice? Ooh, I get to be in charge of cups and ice? (Thinks of something) All right. Fine, okay, I will be in charge of cups and ice!	yes
Kyle: Oh, oh, I thought we were just talking. Commercial Break	yes
Chandler: Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water.	yes
Phoebe: Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.	yes
Chandler: Y'know I rued the day once&#133;didn't get a whole lot else done.	yes
Chandler: (shocked) Well I mean, let me get the door first. (Goes and opens the door.) Oh, hi! No one. (Exits.)	yes
Joey: At least I care about his feelings!	yes
Joey: Yeah?! So's yours!	yes
Chandler: Yes you did! You look happy and sick; you smoked!	yes
Chandler: I wish I had smoked for my career&#133;	yes
Joey: (goes over to Ben) Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. One day you're Dr. Drake Remoray, the next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.	yes
Kim: Forget it Rachel! We're both so proud of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fact, if I catch you with a cigarette, you're fired. So go on, get out of here! Go on, I don't want you breathing this stuff! Go on!	yes
Phoebe: (To Chandler) Check it out! Cup hat! (Points to her hat.) Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup! (Holds up one.)	yes
Monica: (overhearing that) Why don't you just go out with her! (Chandler starts to follow her into the kitchen.)	yes
All: Surprise!	yes
Rachel: Wow! This is great! Look at all these cups! This is so weird.	yes
Rachel: Oh, okay, not so weird. [Cut to another part of the room, Ross is going to talk to Joey.]	yes
11:30 if we both had the chicken and didn't get desert. (There's a knock on the door and Chandler answers it. It's the pizza delivery girl.) Delivery Girl: Hi Chandler!	yes
Chandler: Yeah, if that was true, gym class would've been a lot more interesting.	yes
Chandler: Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.	yes
Chandler: You wanna see flirting? I'll show you flirting. (Starts to move towards Ross.)	yes
Phoebe: Sounds like somebody wants to be Mr. Pizza Delivery Girl.	yes
Rachel: Okay, y'know what? We don't need her measurements.	yes
Phoebe: See? Vegetarianism benefits everyone.	yes
Chandler: If you said, &quot;Big lima bean, bubbling up.&quot; Would she understand the difference?	yes
Chandler: Thank you for that! (To Monica) I was not flirting.	yes
Joey: (walking past) True story! (Goes and sits down.)	yes
Rachel: Uhh, no, no, it bothered me when he slept with other women.	yes
Ross: And thank you, for that.	yes
Rachel: Oh! Y'know what? You're right! We meet, you flirted and then bamn nine years later you had me!	yes
Rachel: Okay that is the one we already have!	yes
Chandler: Doesn't know, &quot;Hello.&quot; But she knows Capricorn One. (Phoebe gets up.)	yes
Chandler: See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law &amp; Order and that you flirted with every guy in the Tri-State area!	yes
Chandler: Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.	yes
Chandler: All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.	yes
Chandler: (To Monica) If this is the way all the Gellers flirt, we don't have a problem.	yes
Chandler: Oh the humanity.	yes
Chandler: More so than anything else.	yes
Caitlin: Oh my God! That was flirting?!	yes
Caitlin: Wow!	yes
Rachel: I know, I know, but uh just, I'm telling you, once, once you get past that part, that where it-it just feels like you wanna die, he's-he's really a good person.	yes
Rachel: Yay!	yes
Chandler: Why am I looking?	yes
Chandler: You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.	yes
Ross: (To Phoebe) And she's supposed to buy this?! Grandma Tribbiani: Joey, bravo! (Starts with that Italian stuff again.) (Suddenly, the tape cuts away from Joey's impromptu scene, to Chandler standing really, really close to the camera.)	yes
Monica: Not as each other!	yes
Monica: My boyfriend really does have good taste! (He turns to get his coat and Monica gives Rachel and Phoebe two thumbs up as Chandler walks over to Ross.)	yes
Rachel: Ohh, thank God! Finally!	yes
Rachel: Great! Thanks!	yes
Monica: What?! I-I-I don't, I don't do that! (Rachel slowly leaves the apartment.)	yes
Gary: Yeah well, being that he was the victim, they're usually pretty talkative.	yes
Joey: (dejected) Yeah okay. (To Chandler) Even though my tax dollars paid for this car.	yes
Chandler: Okay, I'll give them back. (Exhales strongly through his nose and Joey just glares at him.) Look! What is so great about that sandwich?	yes
Monica: See if he has ice.	yes
Joey: Oh what? Like your Mr. Cop!	yes
Chandler: Y'know, when you say partner it doesn't sound cop. It, it sounds gay.	yes
Chandler: Look at Officer Ross riding back here with the visitors.	yes
Joey: Yeah, what's up with that Serpico?	yes
Rachel: I don't think he's the one who needs help. (They both sit down.)	yes
Gary: Oh it's nothing, it just says that you can't sue the city if you scrap your knee or y'know, get your head blown off.	yes
Chandler: (deadpan) Oh, hurry up. I want to sign that.	yes
Monica: Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it. (The phone rings.)	yes
Monica: Wow! Play that message for Emily and this whole problem goes away!	yes
Chandler: Who jumps at loud noises!	yes
Chandler: Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life. (He gets up and starts for the door.)	yes
Joey: Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!	yes
Chandler: Oh, I just went for a walk, around the living room. Whatever&#133;	yes
Chandler: From a bullet!	yes
Chandler: Much sense?!	yes
Chandler: So you risked your life, for a sandwich!	yes
Joey: Yeah. With a bite! (Takes back the sandwich.) Gee-e-e-eez!	yes
Rachel: Because a car backfired?	yes
Rachel: (going out the door) Yeah, uh you-you probably need that for stamps, right? (Ross is stunned.) Ending Credits	yes
Chandler: Before or after you were shot by your own troops?	yes
Chandler: Yes, if the foxhole was lined with sandwiches.	yes
Ross: Uh-huh, that's why they call it Staten Island.	yes
Ross: (he catches the ball and pauses, staring at Joey in disbelief) Also an island. (The game resumes.)	yes
Ross: Why is it inside out?!	yes
Rachel: Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little litter box for Mrs. Whiskerson. (They both glare at her.) Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?! (Rachel goes into the bathroom as the guys continue throwing the ball.)	yes
Chandler: Hey ladies! What are you in here for? (Laughs at his joke.)	yes
Chandler: Were you're parents happy, or something?	yes
Joey: Maybe this should be more of a quiet game. {Oh, all right!&nbsp; Geez, I can't have any fun!}	yes
Ross: How do you know? You don't have a watch.	yes
Rachel: Oh, wow! Congratulations, that's quite a waste of time.	yes
Ross: Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.	yes
Phoebe: You are useless! Freaking out about commitment is the one thing you can do! The one thing! And you can't even do that right! God!	yes
Phoebe: No that's not true. If you're not moving forward, you're just staying still. And staying still is good. Watch this. (She stays still for a brief second.)	yes
Phoebe: Which is why my answer is yes!	yes
Chandler: Oh! Oh! That's so hard. (Starts to juggle the ball, but loses control and almost drops it and hands it to Monica.) (Rachel enters with the &quot;cat&quot; and the chick and the duck start to get riled up.)	yes
Ross: Baking it didn't help, huh?	yes
Chandler: Maybe that's because she's a minion of the anti-Christ.	yes
Chandler: Yeah, you almost overreacted to something. Phoebe and Gary: (entering) Hey!	yes
Phoebe: Okay, yeah, I'll see you later! Don't forget about the moving in!	yes
Phoebe: I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and probably do it eventually anyway and plus, think of all the money I'll save on stamps.	yes
Phoebe: No, I just heard when people live together, they split the cost of stamps. Don't they?	yes
Phoebe: (looks at the paper) Are these for rent! I thought people were just bragging!	yes
Rachel: Show cat! Quality show cat! Show cat! (A woman approaches.) Woman No. 1: (looks into the box) Oh my God! What's wrong with your baby?!	yes
Joey: I don't know who made you the boss? All right? We (Ross and him) invented this game!	yes
Chandler: Not fun anymore?	yes
Gunther: (To Ross) Hey! So what is this? Some kind of snake or something?	yes
Chandler: Oh that is over!	yes
All: Yeah! As long as we're here! Ending Credits	yes
Rachel: Yeah, it is amazing it lasted that long.	yes
Rachel: No, I meant with the dropper over here. (Points at Chandler.)	yes
Chandler: Okay, so Richard, Richard!	yes
Chandler: How much did I love The King and I? (Oh, you get the point by now.)	yes
Joey: Me too! Me too! Me too! (Yeah, he does the same thing.)	yes
Chandler: Well, uh, we can talk about that too Pheebs.	yes
Joey: Great! Problem solved!	yes
Joey: Well, back to square one.	yes
Ross: Dude, you are sick.	yes
Joey: Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot you had that whole Rachel thing.	yes
Monica: (looks at it more closely) Oh that's an eye removal machine.	yes
Rachel: Yeah, no, I don't-I don't put things in my eye. Dr. Miller: Okay then, I guess we'll see you back here in three months.	yes
Rachel: Great! Dr. Miller: And I'll fit you for a glass eye.	yes
Monica: They're still in my coat.	yes
Phoebe: Thanks a lot! I just got that jerk out of my mind!	yes
Joey: Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes, one penny of it goes right in Joey's pocket.	yes
Joey: Did you not hear the plot of the movie? &quot;She's been dead for ten years.&quot; I'm gonna be a millionaire!	yes
Rachel: Well, wait a minute! The puss is good! It means it's healing! (Runs after him.)	yes
Ross: ALL RIGHT!! Phoebe now come on! Will you please tell me what it is I did that mad you so mad at me!	yes
Monica: Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's who!	yes
Chandler: Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. (Looks into the bag.) Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?	yes
Rachel: Wow, y'know if Joey and Chandler walked in right now, we could make a fortune! (Monica is straddling Rachel and holding her arms down. In a rather risqu pose, at least for primetime TV.)	yes
Chandler: That's a good idea. I wonder where I could (Pause) get a basket of porn&#133;	yes
Joey: Aw, come on! It'll be years before I forget you!	yes
Phoebe: Why? Just 'cause you're too lazy to get up off your touchie?	yes
Rachel: (under her breath) Sucker!	yes
Phoebe: Oh! Okay, that actually makes more sense. So how was it?	yes
Phoebe: Awww! Now you're just my annoying friend Chandler.	yes
Chandler: Y'know Pheebs, it's kinda our (His and Monica's) anniversary.	yes
Chandler: (coughing) Art lover!	yes
Rachel: No! So I can be by myself. Y'know? Have a little alone time.	yes
Monica: I love the &quot;I forgot the present&quot; fake out!	yes
Rachel: Okay. Oh wait! One more thing umm, do-do we still need to uh settle the question of &quot;us?&quot; (Ross storms off embarrassed.)	yes
Chandler: Love your condoms my man.	yes
Chandler: No-no, that's okay, apparently there's a new policy where we don't have to share everything with everybody.	yes
Rachel: (taking off her sweater) Okay umm, Ross? I'm-I'm really warm, so I'm going to be taking off my sweater. Now, I'm just letting you know that this is not an invitation to the physical act of love.	yes
Ross: (sarcastic) Yep! That's hilarious!	yes
Joey: Yeah, sure! Sure! They would uh, they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right&#133;	yes
Phoebe: Y'know Monica you had a minor setback in your relationship with Chandler. Big deal! It's only Chandler. (Monica turns and stares at her.) I am so sorry.	yes
Rachel: Yes, I'm sorry. Do you have any extra pants? Umm, my friend seems to have had a little accident.	yes
Chandler: Again I must go back to, how?	yes
Chandler: No! No! I support you 100%! I just didn't, I didn't get it right away. Y'know now I'm caught up! Identical hand twins! It's a million-dollar idea! (Joey starts to leave to embark on his genius moneymaking scheme, but is freaked out slightly when as he goes to open the door, there's a mysterious knock. He calms himself down and opens the door to reveal Phoebe.)	yes
Rachel: Yes, I did. Thank you very much, it was excellent. (Disembarks) The Flight Attendant: (To Ross) Hope you had a nice flight.	yes
Ross: Rach! Wait! The men's room is that way. (Points in the other direction. Rachel hits him with her purse and heads for the ladies room.) (The old lady at Phoebe's machine wins. Phoebe turns around in shock.)	yes
Ross: My nana used to do it. That's how she paid for all my dance&#151;karate lessons.	yes
Ross: Yes, it's a deadly but beautiful sport. (Does a karate chop, then does a little dance-type sway.)	yes
Rachel: No, actually I took it off then I drew it back on.	yes
Joey: Who's your friend? He's hot! (Ross laughs and Rachel smacks him with her purse.)	yes
Chandler: Yeah, I wanted to make a dramatic scene, but I hate packing.	yes
Rachel: Ross, I am a human doodle!!	yes
Ross: Oh, hey y'know, they-they really overcharge you for that stuff. (Rachel glares at him.) But who cares?! Because it's all on me! (Rachel reaches into the fridge and pulls out two handfuls of those mini booze bottles.) (Watching her.) That is, one big drink!	yes
Phoebe: I know. Use it.	yes
Phoebe: What time? Maybe we can share a cab!	yes
Ross: Well hello! I'm Ross!	yes
Ross: Excuse me sir, you've got a little something right here. (He points to the corner of his mouth and they both laugh.) (They've made their way to the statue of the naked man that Chandler was leaning against earlier.)	yes
Chandler: Hello! One marriage please!	yes
Chandler: Are we gonna talk about what you guys did last night? Or&#133;	yes
Joey: They let you get married when you&#146;re drunk! Most people who get married in Vegas are drunk!	yes
Phoebe: Hell, I&#146;m drunk right now! (They all turn and look at her.) What? I can&#146;t have a mimosa with breakfast?! I&#146;m on vacation!	yes
Chandler: Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one&#146;s free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one&#146;s free.	yes
Ross: Laugh it up, but the joke&#146;s on you. Because we don&#146;t need to get divorced, okay? We we&#146;re just gonna get an annulment.	yes
Joey: An annulment? Ross! I don&#146;t think surgery&#146;s the answer here.	yes
Phoebe: Yes you do! This is your third divorce! You love divorce so much you&#146;re probably gonna marry it! Then it won&#146;t work out and you&#146;re gonna have to divorce it, divorcing guy. (Pause) I&#146;m so drunk.	yes
Monica: (sarcastic) Come on eight.	yes
Chandler: (deadpan) Yes, yes eight. (Monica rolls the dice.)	yes
Rachel: Hey, hubby!	yes
Rachel: And I will make everyone call me Mrs. Geller!	yes
Rachel: Ohh, okay, I&#146;m sorry. You&#146;re right. Y&#146;know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under the impression that the boxes were far away from each other. All right, look, just please, take a moment here and think about what you&#146;re asking of me.	yes
Phoebe: No-No! You need your sleep. Night-night! Shh! (She closes the partition.)	yes
Phoebe: Stop it! Stop it no! That&#146;s not fair! Y&#146;know I can&#146;t resist that beautiful voice!	yes
Joey: Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn&#146;t deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.	yes
Joey: That is incredible! You are the master!	yes
Rachel: All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your handful. (Exits.)	yes
Monica: No, it&#146;s not a sign! It&#146;s a very old key!	yes
Chandler: Nice job Joe! You&#146;re quite the craftsmen. (Joey pats him on the stomach and heads to bed.) End	yes
Ross: Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer&#146;s office all I could hear was, &quot;Three divorces. Three divorces!&quot; Look, I just don&#146;t want my tombstone to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.	yes
Phoebe: Don&#146;t be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y&#146;know? Mine&#146;s gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.	yes
Phoebe: So okay what? You&#146;re gonna be married to a girl who doesn&#146;t even know about it?!&#151;Op, woman! Sorry.	yes
Monica: Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn&#146;t seem so bad? (Exits.)	yes
Phoebe: Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel&#133; Bad news for Rachel, what could that be?!	yes
Chandler: (looking down) What gave me away?	yes
Chandler: Wow that was my scariest voice! You&#146;re very brave. (They hug as Rachel enters.)	yes
Chandler: Well, I-I still think you&#146;re very-very nice and very pretty&#133;	yes
Rachel: And Chandler, you&#146;re gonna have to watch those long showers you take in the morning because you know Raquel can&#146;t be late.	yes
Ross: &#133;once you know the stories, it&#146;s not that bad. First marriage, wife&#146;s hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn&#146;t allow you to get married when you&#146;re that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada&#146;s fault.	yes
Ross: This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me out here?	yes
Phoebe: Well, I thought you loved her when you-when you married her.	yes
Ross: We were drunk! I would&#146;ve married uh, Joey with that amount of alcohol!	yes
Phoebe: Hey! You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!!	yes
Phoebe: Yes, and now he&#146;s using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, &quot;Well done!&quot; Bravo Meg.	yes
Karin: I am so attracted to him right now.	yes
Chandler: And you&#146;re upset because you didn&#146;t make your best friend cry?	yes
Rachel: Are you okay? You&#146;re not blinking.	yes
Rachel: Oh, all right. But y&#146;know I gotta say, I don&#146;t, I don&#146;t think six years counts as an era.	yes
Joey: Wow.	yes
Rachel: Yeah, yeah I think I&#146;m gonna find my own place.	yes
Chandler: Hey-hey! I thought Naked Thursday&#146;s was just our thing man! Opening Credits	yes
Phoebe: Ninety percent of a women&#146;s pheromones come out the top of her head! That&#146;s why, that&#146;s why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! (Ross is staring at her dumbfounded.) Oh come on Ross, you&#146;re a scientist.	yes
Ross: I was hugging her as a friend. It&#146;s not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she&#146;s got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh&#133;coconutty. (Phoebe raises her eyebrows.) What?! Oh, that doesn&#146;t mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!	yes
Ross: (grabbing back his coffee) If the place you are referring too is being in love, then she is in the same place as me because I am not in that place!	yes
Joey: I don&#146;t know! How about, &quot;Thanks for taking the message.&quot; Jeez! (Exits.)	yes
Chandler: Okay so you mean no as in, &quot;Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let&#146;s discuss it before we reject it completely.&quot;	yes
Chandler: I don&#146;t have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away!	yes
Chandler: No, I&#146;m not mocking you, (in a mocking voice) or you beautiful guest room. (Exits.)	yes
Chandler: (reading the ad) &quot;Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly.&quot; Nice!	yes
Joey: Yeah? I just figured y&#146;know, after living with you it&#146;d be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate, y&#146;know? Someone I can learn from, someone-someone who&#146;s different than me. And what&#146;s more different than me; a guy who&#146;s not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? (Points to his head.) Not just a hat rack my friend!	yes
Phoebe: I saw it.	yes
Phoebe: Wow! I&#146;m-I&#146;m so happy for you guys. (To Ross) This is so-so, not stupid.	yes
Rachel: Ross-Ross, you have no idea what this means to me! I mean, I mean I was gonna be homeless. You just saved me! You&#146;re my hero!	yes
Chandler: Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I&#146;ll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!	yes
Chandler: In the game room!	yes
Chandler: All right! That&#146;s fine! That&#146;s fine! I won&#146;t bring over the chairs! I won&#146;t bring anything over! I wouldn&#146;t want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma&#146;s place!! (Storms out.)	yes
Ross: Oh no, yeah no, that part&#146;s great!	yes
Chandler: Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.	yes
Ross: (laughs as well, but for a different reason) Yeah, I didn&#146;t think of that.	yes
Chandler: He&#146;s being silly, because he knows that we enjoy the silliness!	yes
Chandler: Scared me out of ever wanting to live with him.	yes
Chandler: Oh my God! Someone&#146;s killed Square Man!	yes
Rachel: Thank you. (Gets up) Now are you sure? Because once I make a copy, there&#146;s no turning back.	yes
Ross: Yeah, I&#146;m-I&#146;m sure. (Deadpan) Yeah, get out of here before I change my mind. (She exits)	yes
Joey: Thursday&#146;s clearly not good for ya, pick a day! Commercial Break	yes
Ross: Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you&#146;re obsessed with her. It&#146;s always, &quot;Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?&quot; &quot;Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?&quot; &quot;When are you gonna confess your secret marriage to Rachel?&quot; You want her!	yes
Ross: (answering it) Uh-oh, saved by the bell. (On phone) Hello? [Cut to the living room where Monica is helping pack a box.]	yes
Monica: (under her breath) That you&#146;re a liar. (Hides the candlesticks in a drawer.)	yes
Rachel: Well, who wouldn&#146;t?!	yes
Chandler: Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you&#146;re gonna go?	yes
Phoebe: Oh, this is it. This what&#146;s gonna kill me.	yes
Joey: Well, I&#146;ve just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn&#146;t have naked chicks on it.	yes
Ross: Open with a joke? It&#146;s a university, not a comedy club!	yes
Chandler: Wait a minute, hold the phone! You&#146;re not talking about Chuckles University?!	yes
Ross: Thank you!	yes
Chandler: That&#146;s the way I did it &#145;til I was 19.	yes
Joey: (reads it) Oh, I can&#146;t believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y&#146;know? And it wouldn&#146;t matter. Now I gotta be careful?!	yes
Chandler: I&#146;m sorry man, there&#146;s never a good time to (pauses) stop catching on fire.	yes
Chandler: Okay, make sure you look both ways before you cross the street.	yes
Joey: (mocks him, in a whiney voice) &#133;look both ways before you cross the street. (Turns and walks headlong into the closed door.)	yes
Rachel: Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we&#146;d lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?	yes
Rachel: Yeah. (Monica walks away) Nice try! (Rachel puts them in a box.)	yes
Monica: That you&#146;re not funny or sexy?	yes
Estelle: Well! Well! Well! Joey Tribbiani! So you came back huh? They think they can do better but they all come crawling back to Estelle!	yes
Estelle: Really?!	yes
Chandler: That&#146;s great, but shouldn&#146;t you be on the toilet right now?	yes
Rachel: Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There&#146;s some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa. (to them) Hey sisters! (They ignore her.) (To Monica) Wow, we really are bitches. (They enter the lecture hall to find Ross speaking in an English accent for some unknown reason.)	yes
Monica: (normal voice) Oh, you can have an accent and I can&#146;t?! (To an exiting student in accent.) Top &#145;O the morning to ya laddies!	yes
Chandler: Oh Joey&#146;s got a really bad hernia, but that&#146;s nothing a little laser eye surgery won&#146;t fix!	yes
Joey: Sure, now I&#146;m scared.	yes
Phoebe: No, we can go together! Just don&#146;t wait too long though, okay? &#145;Cause I&#146;m outta here sometime before Friday.	yes
Phoebe: No-no, it&#146;ll be fun! We can come back and we can haunt these guys!	yes
Rachel: Yeah, I mean, come on Ross, no one will even notice. I mean they&#146;re probably not even listening!	yes
Rachel: Of course they&#146;re listening to you! Everybody listens to you.	yes
Chandler: Now, is that never talking about it again?!	yes
Joey: Ah, just one thing umm, is it all right with you if I, if I scream right up until you say action? The Director: Uh sure.	yes
Rachel: When?! After the birth of our first secret child?! (To All) Ross didn&#146;t get the annulment; we are still married.	yes
Chandler: Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?	yes
Chandler: Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you&#146;re not married to anymore of us are ya? Opening Credits	yes
Gunther: Yeah, that&#146;s what I drive. I make four bucks an hour, I saved up for 350 years!	yes
Chandler: You left a shoe here?!	yes
Joey: Well, I didn&#146;t realize until I got home. I wasn&#146;t gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y&#146;know what? I&#146;m gonna go find that guy&#146;s car and leave a note on the windshield. (Goes to do so.)	yes
Chandler: Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I&#146;ll be sure to give him your shoe.	yes
Rachel: So, I still have boxes here. I still have boxes at Ross&#146;s, and I have nowhere to live! Wow. I could so easily freak out right now.	yes
Rachel: December 26th, huh maybe she&#146;s Santa Clause. (Phoebe laughs, then stops to think about it. Ross enters.)	yes
Rachel: (deadpan) Oh look who it is, my husband. The apple of my eye.	yes
Rachel: Well sure, if you say you&#146;re gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! (Grabs them from him.) All right, now I&#146;m gonna do this my way and I don&#146;t want to hear a peep out of you!	yes
Ross: What about the time I said we were on a break?	yes
Phoebe: Yeah? (Checking the final diaper) Well this is not what I ordered.	yes
Chandler: Shocking! Since you still have the keys.	yes
Joey: The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! (Chandler wipes his forehead with a baby wipe, that might have been used. He drops it disgustedly.) But I figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, they&#146;re gonna start to think that I don&#146;t own it. So I figured I&#146;ll wash it. Right? Monica, you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?	yes
Chandler: You don&#146;t even have a car!	yes
Chandler: There you are.	yes
Joey: Yeah, so did I. (The guy gets in and drives off.)	yes
Monica: Yeah, two hours, a lifetime that&#146;s the same.	yes
Chandler: They&#146;re not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!	yes
Monica: How are you still single?!	yes
Monica: Damnit! Y&#146;know this whole time we were concentrating on watching the babies and, and no one was watching Chandler! (He does it again.)	yes
Rachel: Well, you would know.	yes
Judge: Is there, anything in this record that is actually true?	yes
Rachel: (to the judge) Okay, do you see, do you see what you&#146;re keeping me married too?!	yes
Rachel: And thank you for your time. (They both beat a hasty retreat.) Commercial Break	yes
Chandler: But you found the keys to his clothes?	yes
Monica: And people will think you own a Porsche because you&#146;re wearing the clothes?	yes
Chandler: That is true.	yes
Phoebe: Yeah, but only a genius would swallow a sonic blaster gun.	yes
Phoebe: A real man wouldn&#146;t just run to the hospital! (They don&#146;t stop.) No! What would, what would Krog do? (They ignore her and Phoebe is left alone.)	yes
Passerby: Maybe because you&#146;ve got the keys?	yes
Ross: The judge wouldn&#146;t let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you? (Walks on.)	yes
Chandler: Well, let&#146;s just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.	yes
Chandler: And protected them from a tornado? (Monica enters and her jaw drops in horror.)	yes
Chandler: Was the setting of Phoebe&#146;s triumph.	yes
Chandler: Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.	yes
Monica: You&#146;re right, you&#146;re right I shouldn&#146;t freak out. &#145;Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies! When will that be?!	yes
Chandler: (pause) Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess!!!!	yes
Rachel: (deadpan) Oh honey thank God you&#146;re home, I was getting worried.	yes
Rachel: Oh, little &#145;X&#146;s! Great! That makes up for everything!	yes
Ross: Congratulations. (Gets up to leave.)	yes
Rachel: I know. I always thought if you and I got married, it would be the one that stuck. And it wouldn&#146;t be a secret, and we wouldn&#146;t have our wedding dinner at Pizza Hut. (They both laugh.)	yes
Chandler: No, just the months you actually want to live here.	yes
Chandler: That&#146;s our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don&#146;t I just&#151;why don&#146;t I just cover you for a while?	yes
Chandler: So, we&#146;ll do the rest of the bills later then? Opening Credits	yes
Chandler: Well that would help the pride thing.	yes
Chandler: Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we&#146;d do nothing.	yes
Joey: I don&#146;t know Ross, not if you&#146;re gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist.	yes
Rachel: Well and clearly not a minute sooner.	yes
Phoebe: My God, I can&#146;t get a minute of peace around this place. [Cut to Rachel&#146;s bedroom, Phoebe and her are entering. And it&#146;s obvious that she&#146;s not packed.]	yes
Phoebe: Well, what you&#146;re wearing is fine for that.	yes
Rachel: No, no don&#146;t get mad because look&#151;this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, &quot;What am I doing? I am lousy at packing!&quot; Right? But you love packing! So, as a gift to you, on our last night, ta-da!	yes
Monica: (grabs a bag of those Styrofoam peanuts) I&#146;ll be coordinator! Oh my God! I&#146;m so sorry, I didn&#146;t get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can&#146;t you Phoebe?	yes
Monica: You&#146;re plans were with us.	yes
Chandler: Yes, but for the last time.	yes
Joey: Oh that&#146;s okay. Hey, actually in a way it&#146;s kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours! (Chandler stares at him, dumbfounded, then finally agrees.)	yes
Chandler: Okay, let&#146;s play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently. (They start playing.)	yes
Monica: Yeah, well I don&#146;t think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.	yes
Rachel: So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?	yes
Chandler: See? Now, that&#146;s why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.	yes
Rachel: Ooh, your brother. Score!	yes
Rachel: You know what else I&#146;m not gonna miss? &quot;I&#146;m Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!&quot;	yes
Monica: &quot;Hi I&#146;m Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I&#146;d better wash it and shrink it!&quot;	yes
Rachel: &quot;I&#146;m Monica, I don&#146;t get phone messages from interesting people. Ever!&quot;	yes
Monica: &quot;Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!&quot;	yes
Rachel: &quot;Oh my God, I can&#146;t find a boyfriend! So I guess I&#146;ll just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!&quot; (Monica picks up one of those boxes of hair curling things, dumps it in a box, and storms out.)	yes
Chandler: Still broken?	yes
Rachel: I&#146;m not moving! (She re-hangs a picture, crookedly.) Is that picture straight?	yes
Rachel: Oh really?! Then how come all your stuff is in this box?! (Monica starts chasing Rachel around the table.)	yes
Rachel: Yeah, I&#146;m just mad!	yes
Monica: Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I&#146;m just gonna label it, &quot;What were you thinking?&quot;	yes
Rachel: Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.	yes
Phoebe: You&#146;re just so mean to each other! And I don&#146;t want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!	yes
Rachel: Oh really? Like what Monica?	yes
Monica: Y&#146;know she has 147,000 pairs of boots&#133;	yes
Rachel: Oh yeah, good start Mon.	yes
Rachel: Yeah and you stretch &#145;em out with your big old clown feet.	yes
Monica: Do you wanna live outside?! Because it&#146;s gettin&#146; cold! (To Phoebe) She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she&#146;ll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I&#146;d like.	yes
Monica: When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.	yes
Chandler: At a fake game!!	yes
Chandler: Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.	yes
Rachel: What?	yes
Phoebe: Uh-huh. You've met your match Rachel Green. Opening Credits	yes
Chandler: (not amused) And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open. [Monica enters]	yes
Monica: (jumps over a box) Honey, that's a great idea nailing the boxes to the floor!	yes
Monica: Oh, So you can move them!	yes
Chandler: Now imagine you live at the supermarket.	yes
Joey: You a little sad about that sweetheart? [Scene, The Park: Phoebe and Rachel are getting ready to go running]	yes
Rachel: You guys, I'm telling you, when she runs, she looks like a cross between Kermit The Frog and The Six Million Dollar Man.	yes
Chandler: (pretending) Oh my God! You-almost-gave-me-a-heart-attack.	yes
Joey: (raises his hand) I don't! No, I wanna live with the super-hot Australian dancer.	yes
Chandler: What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning!	yes
Chandler: Authorization? I don't need that. I'm gonna put everything back.	yes
Chandler: Yes I'm gonna put it back (Mocking Ross) exactly where I found it.	yes
Ross: &#145;Kay, first of all, this attitude is not helping.	yes
Chandler: She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.	yes
Ross: Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new roommate can come and live with me.	yes
Ross: Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak&#133;out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.	yes
Ross: Yeah, the phone was facing the other way. (Chandler fixes it and a picture frame off the table.) And that goes back up there. Commercial Break	yes
Joey: (entering) Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! (Tries to put his feet on the coffee table...they won't reach and looks around.) What the hell's going on over here?!?!? (Points to Chandler) Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.	yes
Joey: No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?	yes
Chandler: That's not specific to girls.	yes
Chandler: And they don't like it when you explain why your jokes are funny.	yes
Rachel: Yes, but still. They're people&#133;with eyes.	yes
Phoebe: Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss (panting). But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.	yes
Joey: Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.	yes
Joey: No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?	yes
Janine: ...and live forever as a machine!	yes
Chandler: Ba dum bumb cheshhh! End	yes
Chandler: Hi, my name&#146;s Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source?	yes
Chandler: (Picking up a pillow.) Yeah, is this your pretty pink pillow on the couch?	yes
Chandler: (Pointing to the table and picking up the box.) Is that your tiny little box, that&#146;s too small to put anything in?	yes
Monica: No, the one who looked at you once because you got in her way.	yes
Rachel: Ohh, are you setting Ross up with someone? Does she have a wedding dress?	yes
Rachel: Well, sure, but they might think it&#146;s kinda weird considering I don&#146;t work there anymore.	yes
Rachel: Yeah. (chuckling) A year ago..	yes
Phoebe: (Hugging her again.) You&#146;ve lasted a whole year. Good for you.	yes
Ross: Maybe it&#146;s a universal thing?	yes
Phoebe: What am I supposed to do? Ask every guy I make out with if he&#146;s married? (Rachel looks at her.) No, yeah, I should.	yes
Janine: Well, I&#146;m sorry. I just thought I&#146;d try to make the place a little nicer.	yes
Joey: I&#146;m sure it&#146;s a famous watering can, okay. But, come on&#133;and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?	yes
Joey: Ohh, well, that&#146;s ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It&#146;s up here on some hook..and&#133;smells different.	yes
Janine: It&#146;s clean.	yes
Janine: It&#146;s dry.	yes
Joey: Alright, I can make my peace with the clean dry towels&#133;Also what is with these chips you bought?	yes
Joey: (Voice cracking) Well that&#146;s like summer in a bowl.	yes
Chandler: (Sarcastically) Really.	yes
Monica: Well, I think I shouldn&#146;t look directly at them.	yes
Chandler: Yeah, what was wrong with your old&#133;human teeth.	yes
Chandler: No, no no no. You&#146;ll be fine. (turning to Monica) Hillary&#146;s bind, right?	yes
Monica: She will be after tonight.	yes
Rachel: Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just&#133;made out. And the craziest thing is, now my boss likes me because I told her about it and she said it was the best gossip she&#146;d heard all year.	yes
Chandler: I am proud of all my friends today.	yes
Chandler: Hi, I&#146;m Chandler. Your live-in boy	yes
Chandler: Oh, I am no women, but that is one tasty dish. (Phoebe walks in.)	yes
Rachel: That-that is your make out buddy. Don&#146;t you recognize him? (Holding up the magazine in front of her face.) Oh wait. Ohh, Phoebe I love you. Kiss me please.	yes
Phoebe: That&#146;s not Ralph Lauren. Sounds like him though.	yes
Monica: (Holding a shirt in front of Ross.) Okay, maybe this will make your teeth look less white. (Ross has a big smile.) Nope. Okay, colors that don&#146;t work are blue, yellow, green, red, black, white, orange, and purple.	yes
Ross: Oh great. So all I need to do is get some new skin. Thank you.	yes
Monica: All right, half the people. I mean, just try it and see.	yes
Phoebe: Hello. Oh good. Ross could you put up some of these flyers for me? (He smiles at her.) OH!! Demon!! Demon!!	yes
Chandler: Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I&#146;m going to go over to Joey&#146;s.	yes
Chandler: Yes, but I feel like I&#146;ve really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fact I think we&#146;re two sachets away from becoming a lesbian couple.	yes
Monica: Yeah. Go over to Joey&#146;s. Go over to Joey&#146;s and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.	yes
Monica: When girls hang out, we don&#146;t have pillow fights in our underwear. (Chandler gets a hurt look on his face.) I&#146;m sorry. We do. We do. I don&#146;t know why I said that.	yes
Chandler: No thanks, Josephine.	yes
Chandler: Hey Ross, I was wondering if&#133; Oh my God!! Where are all the men???	yes
Rachel: Okay, two things didn&#146;t happen. Remember I told you that someone made out with Ralph Lauren in the copy room? Well, it turns out that&#146;s not true.	yes
Chandler: Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.	yes
Joey: Ohh, I love birds. (Monica leaves. Chandler shuts the door.)	yes
Joey: It&#146;s not what you said. It&#146;s the way you said it&#133;.Oh My God, I&#146;m a women!!!	yes
Ross: What&#146;s a matter with me? You&#146;ve got a black light. It&#146;s 1999!	yes
Kim: Hi Rachel. Ohh, I&#146;ve been meaning to ask you. Have you seen the new Ralph Lauren sheets? Ohh, what am I thinking. Of course you have.	yes
Kim: Kenny the copyboy. Ending Credits	yes
Chandler: Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?	yes
Chandler: Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...	yes
Chandler: He's a he?	yes
Rachel: Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.	yes
Chandler: Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?	yes
Phoebe: I dunno, 'cause you're smart, you're funny...	yes
Chandler: Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him?	yes
Chandler: Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this. (Phone rings; Monica gets it)	yes
Ross: (to Joey) So he's calling from Rome. I could do that. Just gotta go to Rome.	yes
Monica: She is unbelievable, our mother is...	yes
Ross: Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.	yes
Ross: Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants. Mr. Geller: Not just restaurants, from our house. (The nurse comes out of Nana's room.)	yes
Rachel: (exasperated) Yes, Chandler, that's exactly what it is. It's your hair.	yes
Phoebe: Yeah, you have homosexual hair. (Monica and Ross enter.)	yes
Ross: (sarcastic) I don't see why not. (He tries pushing against the chest of drawers. Then he opens one of the drawers and climbs into the closet using that; he falls behind the chest of drawers with a shout.)	yes
Monica: ...And then we throw your body in the water... Gee, that does sound fun. Mr. Geller: Everyone thinks they know me. Everyone says 'Jack Geller, so predictable'. Maybe after I'm gone, they'll say 'Buried at sea! Huh!'.	yes
Shelley: Y'know, it's a shame, because you and Lowell would've made a great couple.	yes
Ross: I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy. Aunt Lillian: You know, whatever we pick, she would've told us it's the wrong one. Mrs. Geller: You're right. We'll go with the burgundy.	yes
Ross: And where she's going everyone else'll be dressier? Aunt Lillian: Could we see something in a slimmer heel?	yes
Ross: Some days it's all I can think about.	yes
Ross: What, we-uh- we don't have shoes here, or...?	yes
Chandler: Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.	yes
Chandler: You are a frightening, frightening man. (Rachel steps in a patch of mud)	yes
Phoebe: God, what a great day. ...What? Weather-wise!	yes
Chandler: Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is. (They shake hands. Cut to Ross emerging from a hallway, grinning inanely. He is obviously very stoned)	yes
Monica: Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all. Mrs. Geller: No, I'd be hearing about 'Why didn't I get the honey-glazed ham?', I didn't spend enough on flowers, and if I spent more she'd be saying 'Why are you wasting your money? I don't need flowers, I'm dead'.	yes
Lowell: It's like Mardi Gras without the paper mache heads. How 'bout you?	yes
Terry: Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.	yes
Chandler: And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?	yes
Chandler: That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.	yes
Chandler: Good luck, man. I hope you get it.	yes
Ross: Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?	yes
Ross: (mimicking) Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner.	yes
Susan: Yes, I'm familiar with the concept. We can just look for it.	yes
Chandler: All right, I'm nine years old.	yes
Girl: Um, leave.	yes
Phoebe: No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious.	yes
Joey: Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.	yes
Ross: That's closer. (Rachel enters, excited.)	yes
Monica: That's not a question.	yes
Joey: That tone will not make me go any faster.	yes
Joey: That one will. (Joey leaves to get the copy of the key.)	yes
Ross: (singin) Hey, hey, I'm your daddy. I'm the one without any breasts.	yes
Joey: Hey, I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.	yes
Chandler: (sarcastic) For an emergency just like this.	yes
Rachel: (grabs Chandler by the shirt) All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this (makes a gesture like a stewardess pointing out exits) right now. But I'm not.	yes
Chandler: Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go. (They walk in. Smoke fills the apartment.)	yes
Ross: Here we come, walkin' down the&#151;this doesn't smell like Mom's.	yes
Monica: No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross? (picks up the pan of badly burnt potatoes) Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.	yes
Rachel: Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.	yes
Chandler: Now this feels like Thanksgiving. [Time lapse. Everyone is upset with each other. Phoebe is at the window.]	yes
Chandler: I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.	yes
All: That's so sweet.	yes
Ross: And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas.	yes
Rachel: And a crappy New Year.	yes
Chandler: Here, here! Closing Credits	yes
Phoebe: That is so cruel! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?	yes
Ross: Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe- (Realises) ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'. Opening Credits	yes
Chandler: Might wanna open with the snowman. (Enter Joey)	yes
Rachel: Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? (They all protest and hit her with cushions) Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?	yes
Chandler: Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!	yes
Rachel: Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.	yes
Phoebe: (Takes mike) Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year. (Shakes bell as an introduction) (Sung:) I made a man with eyes of coal And a smile so bewitchin', How was I supposed to know That my mom was dead in the kitchen? (shakes bell) La lalala la la la la lalala la la... (Cut to later. Everyone is totally depressed by now.)	yes
Phoebe: (Sung) ...My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes Are resting in a little yellow jar, And sometimes when it's breezy... (Over the sound of Phoebe singing we hear two scientists, Max and David, having a noisy discussion)	yes
Phoebe: Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!	yes
Chandler: (Quietly, to the others) That guy's going home with a note!	yes
David: (Stands up and speaks more loudly) Sorry, I wa- I was just saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my- in my life. And then he said that- you said you thought	yes
Joey: Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!	yes
Chandler: Too many jokes... must mock Joey!	yes
Chandler: Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.	yes
Phoebe: Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.	yes
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, oh, I'm sure of it. You should just do it, just sweep and throw me.	yes
Monica: I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.	yes
Phoebe: I can't believe you did that! Opening Credits	yes
Monica: Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?	yes
Phoebe: Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.	yes
Chandler: Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?	yes
Chandler: Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?	yes
Chandler: Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch.'	yes
Chandler: You can say that because she's not your mom.	yes
Ross: Ah, so then his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, phew.	yes
Chandler: Now why would she say that's embarrassing?	yes
Chandler: THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!! Jay Leno: (on TV) Alright, so now you're doing this whole book tour thing, how is that going? Mrs. Bing: (on TV) Oh, fine. I'm leaving for New York tomorrow, which I hate- but I get to see my son, who I love...	yes
Chandler: This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone. Jay Leno: (on TV) Y'know, don't take this wrong, I-I just don't see you a-as a mom, somehow.. I don't mean that, I don't mean that bad... Mrs. Bing: (on TV) Oh no, I am a fabulous mom! I bought my son his first condoms. (The gang turn to look at Chandler)	yes
Chandler: ...And then he burst into flames.	yes
Monica: Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports. [Next is a shot of them dragging an enormous plant into the room, then Monica knitting a sweater, then Phoebe singing, then Phoebe shaving him and chatting to Monica]	yes
Monica: Nah... not-not special enough.	yes
Monica: Waaay too special.	yes
Chandler: Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.	yes
Ross: (Entering) What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place. Mrs. Bing: Oooh, c'mon, shut up, it's fun. Gimme a hug. (They both sit down) Well, I think we're ready for some tequila.	yes
Rachel: Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer. Mrs. Bing: Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a dozen European cities, throw in thirty euphemisms for male genitalia, and bam! You have got yourself a book.	yes
Chandler: Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen. [Cut to Mrs. Bing on the telephone.] Mrs. Bing: Yeah, any messages for room 226? (Ross emerges from a toilet marked 'Chicas') Mrs. Bing: You okay there, slugger?	yes
Ross: The girl on the cover with her nipples showing? Mrs. Bing: No. Because I know how to write men that women fall in love with. Believe me, I cannot sell a Paolo. People will not turn three hundred twenty-five pages for a Paolo. C'mon, the guy's a secondary character, a, y'know, complication you eventually kill off.	yes
Chandler: Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together. (Goes back inside and shuts the door)	yes
Ross: I don't know, God, I... well, it's not like she's a regular mom, y'know? She's, she's sexy, she's...	yes
Joey: I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?	yes
Ross: Do they wait for me to do this? (Joey and Ross go into Monica and Rachel's apartment)	yes
Joey: Uhhhh.... he's not even wearing a jockstrap!	yes
Joey: Uh... y'know, knowledge is a tricky thing.	yes
Ross: Thanks, man, big help.	yes
Chandler: Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser? (Goes to the counter)	yes
Chandler: Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.	yes
Ross: (To the rest of Central Perk) We're rehearsing a Greek play.	yes
Chandler: That's very funny. We done now?	yes
Chandler: That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.	yes
Ross: Okay, 'you' can't, or (Points to Chandler) you can't? (Chandler grabs his finger) Okay, that's my finger. (Chandler twists it and Ross goes down on one knee) That's, that's my knee. (To Central Perk) Still doing the play. Aaah!	yes
Phoebe: Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.	yes
Chandler: No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough. Mrs. Bing: Alright, well, be good, I love you. (Kisses him and goes to leave)	yes
Ross: Ah, the forbidden love of a man and his door.	yes
Rachel: Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.	yes
Joey: You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.	yes
Ross: Wait, did you get to the part about his 'huge throbbing pens'? Tell ya, you don't wanna be around when he starts writing with those!	yes
Chandler: And, we're done with the yogurt. (Sets yogurt down on table)	yes
Monica: Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? (listens to Aunt Syl on phone, looks shocked) Nice talk, Aunt Syl. (in New York accent) You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth? (Camera pans back to group in living room)	yes
Joey: (in baby-like voice) How come you don't live with Mommy? (pause; shows Ross less than amused) How come Mommy lives with that other lady? (pause; Ross still looks less than amused; Joey smiling) What's a lesbian? (playfully hits Ross) (Rachel enters with Paolo, speaking Italian. Ross looks annoyed)	yes
Ross: Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be...(makes flinging motions with hands) flung by now? (Camera pans back to Rachel)	yes
Ross: ...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? (pauses, looks suddenly inspired) I could call immigration!	yes
Ross: (chuckles nervously) The sex? (chuckles) Um, I'm having enough trouble with the image of you and Susan together, when you throw in Tanya (miming washing hair, that's the best I could think of), yaw...	yes
Chandler: Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.	yes
Ross: Wait&#151;oh&#151;hey&#151;huh, oh great now he knows, and I don't know!	yes
Joey: I don't know, birds just don't say, &quot;Hello, sit here, eat something.&quot;	yes
Chandler: Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!	yes
Monica: So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?	yes
Joey: Who cares, we'll eat at the sink! Come on, let's play!	yes
Monica: Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, (shows Rachel gesturing with hands in front of her chest), Ok, that is either, &quot;How could you?&quot; or, &quot;Enormous breasts!&quot; Here he comes!	yes
Roger: That's pretty much it.	yes
Phoebe: I know, I know. So sweet... and so complicated. And for a shrink, he's not too shrinky, y'know?	yes
Chandler: It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.	yes
Rachel: Nice? They were nice. I mean, that's it? I mean, mittens are nice.	yes
Roger: You're so funny! He's really funny! I wouldn't wanna be there when when the laughter stops.	yes
Chandler: Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?	yes
Roger: Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.	yes
Joey: Dad, dad. (Shakes his head) Mr. Tribbiani: Oh, 'scuse me. So Ross, uh, how's the wife? (Ross whines and lays his head on Chandler's shoulder) Off there too, uh? Uh, Chandler, quick, say something funny! (Chandler stays stonefaced)	yes
Rachel: C'mon, he's right. Tit for tat.	yes
Chandler: (Sarcastic) Oh, good. Rog is here.	yes
Chandler: Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.	yes
Roger: I dunno. Maybe you wanted your marriage to fail.	yes
Ross: Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good! (Cut to later. Rachel is in tears)	yes
Roger: Listen guys, it was great seeing you again. Mon, um, easy on those cookies, okay? Remember, they're just food, they're not love. (He shuts the door and Ross and Monica fling cookies at it)	yes
Chandler: Oh look, it's the woman we ordered.	yes
Chandler: Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know? Commercial Break	yes
Chandler: C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by &quot;No thanks, it's late.&quot;	yes
Chandler: Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?	yes
Chandler: No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say &quot;No thanks, I'm married.&quot;	yes
Chandler: Sorry, my my thing was in there with me.	yes
Joey: Hold on, you-you knew? Mrs. Tribbiani: Of course I knew! What did you think? Your father is no James Bond. You should've heard some of his cover stories. &quot;I'm sleeping over at my accountant's,&quot; I mean, what is that? Please!	yes
Joey: So then how could you I mean, how could you?! Mrs. Tribbiani: Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.	yes
Joey: Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you? Mrs. Tribbiani: Me? I'm fine. Look, honey, in an ideal world, there'd be no her, and your father would look like Sting. And I'll tell you something else. Ever since that poodle-stuffer came along, he's been so ashamed of himself that he's been more attentive, he's been more loving... I mean, it's like every day's our anniversary.	yes
Roger: Actually it's, it's quite, y'know, typical behaviour when you have this kind of dysfunctional group dynamic. Y'know, this kind of co-dependant, emotionally stunted, sitting in your stupid coffee house with your stupid big cups which, I'm sorry, might as well have nipples on them, and you're like all 'Oh, define me! Define me! Love me, I need love!'.	yes
Rachel: Wow.	yes
Chandler: If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom.	yes
Phoebe: Oh, okay, except I broke up with Roger.	yes
Phoebe: I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy! Closing Credits	yes
Chandler: Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbian&#151;I don't think we need a third...	yes
Chandler: No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg. Opening Credits	yes
Monica: Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-&quot;I-win&quot;-guy. (imitating) &quot;I win! I win!&quot; I went out with the guy for two months&#151;I didn't get to win once.	yes
Janice: By the way, Chandler. I cut you out of all my pictures. So if you want, I have a bag with just your heads.	yes
Janice: Oh, are you sure? Really? Because you know, you could make little puppets out of them, and you could use them in your theater of cruelty. (Lorraine whispers into Joey's ear.)	yes
Chandler: I hope she throws up on you. (Joey leaves with Lorraine. Chandler sits back down with Janice.)	yes
Chandler: Oh, what a crappy night!	yes
Chandler: You got it. Good woman! (the waiter turns around, it's a man) Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?	yes
Kristin: Wow, uh, anything else I should know?	yes
Chandler: Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush. (Janice enters.)	yes
Monica: You know, it's a really funny story how this happened. Fireman No. 3: It's all right. It's all right. You don't have to explain. This isn't the first boyfriend bonfire that we've seen get out of control. Fireman No. 1: You're our third call tonight.	yes
Rachel: Really? Fireman No. 2: Oh, sure, Valentine's is our busiest night of the year.	yes
Carol: Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny	yes
Ross: That's easy for you to say, you found one already.	yes
Rachel: (sarcastic) Oh. That WENUS.	yes
Chandler: Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.	yes
Rachel: No. But don't worry, I'm sure they're still there.	yes
Ross: Ah, the lesser-known &quot;I don't have a dream&quot; speech. (Monica enters, excited.)	yes
Chandler: Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?	yes
Ross: OK, ahem, hey, does anybody know a good place if you're not dating a puma?	yes
Phoebe: Oh, is this the bug lady?	yes
Chandler: And he's not speaking metaphorically.	yes
Chandler: Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.	yes
Monica: But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.	yes
Rachel: Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.	yes
Ross: Um... uh.... vulva. Commercial Break	yes
Joey: (sarcastic) Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??	yes
Chandler: It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.	yes
Chandler: (on phone) Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? (Listens) Yeah, I miss you too. (Listens) Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know? (Listens) Well, that's very generous (Listens) er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... (Listens) And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier? (Listens) Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! (Listens) No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! (Listens) I'll see you on Monday! (slams the phone down)	yes
Chandler: This is unbelievable. It&#146;s been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, you&#146;d be looking like a ham right about now. (Ursula Buffay, Phoebe&#146;s identical twin sister, is waiting on tables in her inimitable manner.)	yes
Joey: I don&#146;t care. Phoebe&#146;s Phoebe. Ursula&#146;s... hot! (Joey and Chandler come indoors.)	yes
Phoebe: (Her face dropping) Oh, really.	yes
Nina: Oh, Net Usage Statistics, right. Gotcha, gotcha. Won&#146;t happen again. I wouldn&#146;t want to do anything to hurt your... &quot;wenus.&quot; (Nina beams flirtatiously at Chandler, who catches her drift, but for once he&#146;s lost for something to say &amp;ndash; so she nods her head to tell him that he&#146;s thinking correctly...)	yes
Jamie: I think we have an answer.	yes
Jamie: This could be God&#146;s way of telling us to eat at home.	yes
Phoebe: (Philosophically) Oh, that&#146;s good.	yes
Monica: Congratulations, I think you&#146;ve found the world&#146;s thinnest argument.	yes
Rachel: Oh, well, that shouldn&#146;t be so hard, now that you&#146;re dating. (Imitating men at their worst) &quot;Sweetheart, you&#146;re fired, but how &#146;bout a quickie before I go to work?&quot; (Joey lets himself in, carrying a large paper shopping bag.)	yes
Chandler: You know, once you&#146;re inside, you don&#146;t have to knock any more.	yes
Chandler: Wow, this is serious. I&#146;ve never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.	yes
Phoebe: That you like, (snappily confronting Joey over the heads of the knitting circle) we get it. You like her. Great! (The circle freezes in apprehension.)	yes
Carol: (screaming at Ross) Oh, what do you know?&nbsp; No one's going up to you and saying, &quot;Hi, is that your nostril?&nbsp; Mind if we push this pot roast through it?&quot;	yes
Chandler: You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different. (Joey tires of this, so he gets up to leave.)	yes
Joey: You meant sex, right? (Phoebe buttons her lip, while the rest of the gang pretend they&#146;re not there.)	yes
Nina: Maybe. But that doesn&#146;t explain why they keep taking my scissors.	yes
Chandler: Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. (He holds up a bandaged hand.) Little tip: if you&#146;re ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand... (he mimes Nina taking her revenge) ..on the desk.	yes
Mr.Heckles: See, this is just the kind of thing I was talking about. End	yes
Chandler: Well, only if you order stuff.	yes
Chandler: Man, if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit. (Joey gestures to show that he wouldn't dare...)	yes
Monica: Sure, every time, you're such a princess...	yes
Phoebe: You got me.	yes
Ross: Lady, he is people. He has a name, okay? He watches Jeopardy! He he touches himself when nobody's watching. Please, please have a heart! (Ross's vigorous protest is attracting attention.) Dr. Mitchell: I'll take a look at him. (Rachel, Monica, Ross and Chandler whip around for a second time, in formation.) Rachel and Monica: Oh, thank you.	yes
Chandler: Pudo aver sido General Tso! (It could've been General Sal!) (Rachel points out of the window.)	yes
Ross: Uh, nothing, I'm sure they'll be impressed with your excellent compuper skills.	yes
Joey: Oh no, I'm sure the Xerox machine caught a few. Opening Credits	yes
Chandler: (sarcastically) Dee, the sarcastic sister from Whats Happening.	yes
Joey: Thank you.	yes
Ross: Alright, now, you sure? Phoebe just threw away two jacks because they didn't look happy...	yes
Phoebe: A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?	yes
Chandler: The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...	yes
Chandler: Oh, did you get that from the 'I Love Rachel' pizzeria?	yes
Phoebe: Oh, hello, kettle? This is Monica. You're black.	yes
Chandler: Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?	yes
Chandler: Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary? (The guys all duck under the table.)	yes
Joey: But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.	yes
Chandler: That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.	yes
Rachel: Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women. (hands over her money)	yes
Ross: So, you gals wanna hand over your money now? That way, we don't have to go through the formality of actually playing.	yes
Rachel: Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.	yes
Chandler: Y'know, I've had dates like this.	yes
Ross: (mimicking Rachel) Mee mee, mee-mee mee.	yes
Ross: Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?	yes
Joey: I meant female nudity. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant frolicking. Monica and Phoebe: Hugh! Hugh Grant!	yes
Chandler: They're still just friends, right?	yes
Chandler: I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.	yes
Chandler: Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.	yes
Rachel: Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- (Marcel pushes down a cushion to reveal a shoe) Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe? (Takes the shoe into the kitchen) Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh! (She notices the newsletter and taps the contents of the shoes onto it, then folds it shut) Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. (She leaves the apartment holding the newsletter at arm's length. However, she leaves the door open. Marcel runs out in the opposite direction. There is a shot from the TV and Rachel runs back in) Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- (Looks down and notices he is missing) Marcel? Marc- (Notices the open door) [Time lapse. Now everyone but Ross and Phoebe is back at Monica and Rachel's.]	yes
Rachel: Oh. Oh, those little clunky Amish things you think go with everything.	yes
Chandler: Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.	yes
Monica: Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill you. (They all leave)	yes
Monica: Mr. Heckles, our friend lost a monkey. Have you seen it? Mr. Heckles: I left a Belgian waffle out here, did you take it?	yes
Monica: A monkey. Have you seen a monkey? Mr. Heckles: Saw Regis Philbin once...	yes
Phoebe: Okay, thank you, Mr. Heckles. (They move off) Mr. Heckles: You owe me a waffle. [Cut to Monica and Rachel's.]	yes
Ross: Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff? (Uncorks the wine) Well-	yes
Ross: No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off with a monkey. I should've started you off with like a pen or a pencil.	yes
Ross: That's right, I.. 'cause I didn't expect you were gonna invite them to the apartment! (A knock on the door. Rachel swiftly opens it)	yes
Monica: Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?	yes
Ross: Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village. (Kicks a sign in frustration) And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.	yes
Rachel: Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. (Kicks the sign) Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!	yes
Ross: Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!	yes
Ross: Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I mean, you're off in Rachel-land, doing your Rachel-thing, totally oblivious to people's monkeys, or to people's feelings...	yes
Ross: (To Rachel) You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.	yes
Ross: We have got to start locking that door! Closing Credits	yes
Chandler: Eh. I thought that was an alp.	yes
Chandler: Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.	yes
Monica: I can't believe my parents are actually pressuring me to find one of you people.	yes
Chandler: No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.	yes
Chandler: (bluffing) And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law.	yes
Phoebe: Not a good day for birds...	yes
Ross: That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?	yes
Chandler: Hey, I've been honing!	yes
Joey: Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.	yes
Bobby: I'm twelve, I'm not stupid. (Rachel glares at him.)	yes
Monica: Yeah.. uh, but for future reference, that thing in your hand can also be used as a phone. (Chandler dials his own phone and it rings.)	yes
Chandler: Ah, you obviously saw my personal ad. (He calls and quickly hangs up.)	yes
Monica: Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.	yes
Chandler: I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy. (Rachel enters.)	yes
Chandler: Hell is filled with people like you.	yes
Rachel: Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.	yes
Chandler: Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?	yes
Monica: Do you?	yes
Rachel: Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?	yes
Rachel: Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!	yes
Rachel: Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.	yes
Rachel: And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.	yes
Chandler: Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that? (They all groan and hit him..) End	yes
Chandler: Well, that's what we said about Joey...	yes
Monica: This is so unfair! She's got everything I want, and she doesn't have my mother.	yes
Chandler: Joey... Switzerland? (The waitress brings their coffee.)	yes
Chandler: Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.	yes
Monica: Hi. (On the phone) Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.	yes
Rachel: Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.	yes
Monica: Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a nightmare. (She starts to walk very slowly toward the front of the room. The teacher grabs her hand and pulls her. Suddenly a woman bursts in)	yes
Chandler: She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?	yes
Joey: (To Chandler) Hey! He beat ya.	yes
Chandler: I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.	yes
Chandler: Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo. (Phoebe, Monica, and Rachel enters.)	yes
Chandler: Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.	yes
Ross: Yeah, which she probably stole from some cheerleader.	yes
Chandler: ...Take off their hats!	yes
Monica: Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned. Fake Monica: I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?	yes
Monica: Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.	yes
Phoebe: I'd say that chair's taking the brunt.	yes
Chandler: You're kidding.	yes
Monica: I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus? Fake Monica: Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?	yes
Monica: Um, I'm not actually Amish. Fake Monica: Really? Then why are you like that?	yes
Chandler: (sarcastically) Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.	yes
Chandler: I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else's subconscious.	yes
Chandler: (sarcasticly) Thanks Joey, that's a good idea.	yes
Chandler: Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.	yes
Monica: Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. 'Help, come quick, they're still extinct.'	yes
Chandler: Whoa! And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?	yes
Chandler: See that'll stop when you pick up the phone.	yes
Ross: 'The hills were alive with the sound of music.' (Phoebe, Joey and Ross laughs)	yes
Joey: (reaches for hi scones) My scones. Phoebe, Joey, and Ross: 'My scones.' (Phoebe, Joey and Ross laughs again)	yes
Rachel: There were times when it wasn't even me. (Chandler and Joey laughs, until they look at each other then recoil in horror.)	yes
Chandler: And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym. (Monica stares at Rachel)	yes
Joey: Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is? (Ross and Chandler laughs)	yes
Monica: Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now? Joey, Chander, and Ross: Sorry.	yes
Ross: It's morphin time!	yes
Joey: Stegosaurus!	yes
Chandler: Tyrannosaurus! (They all cross they're arms like the Power Rangers do)	yes
Phoebe: Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don't wanna be the geek that invited the boss.	yes
Ross: What are you doing? We're going to a hospital.	yes
Chandler: Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.	yes
Chandler: Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow.	yes
Lydia: Oh, boy, do they suck.	yes
Lydia: Look, look at your man, Ewing. Nice shot. You know what, he couldn't hit water if he was standing on a boat.	yes
Ross: Yeah. I'm paying you to stop.	yes
Chandler: No reason. (turns around, makes an 'Oh my God' gesture with his eyes)	yes
Lydia: Hey, Knick fan, am I interested in your views on fatherhood? Uh, no.	yes
Ross: (to Susan) Thanks a lot.	yes
Nurse: (to Joey) Breathe, breathe, breathe.	yes
Susan: Yeah? Well, there's a lot of things Carol never did before I came along.	yes
Lydia: No, this is a loaner.	yes
Susan: You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's Father's Day, there's no... Lesbian Lover Day.	yes
Ross: Every day is Lesbian Lover Day.	yes
Phoebe: This is so great.	yes
Chandler: (to Joey) You are really frightening me. (Carol suddenly screams in pain and grabs Chandler by the shirt.)	yes
Chandler: Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. (they pull her hand off of him) Uh, that's great. (looking around) Anybody seen a nipple? Dr. Franzblau: All right, ten centimeters, here we go.	yes
Carol: But they're not here yet! Dr. Franzblau: I'm sorry, I can't tell the baby to wait for them.	yes
Chandler: (to nurse) Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?	yes
Ross: Science. Yeah, I think I've heard of that. (everyone's interest is piqued, they all look over)	yes
Monica: Oh, Joey, please tell me you're only donating your time.	yes

Phoebe: Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!	no

Monica: Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.	no

Chandler: Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.	no

All: Oh, yeah. Had that dream.	no

Chandler: Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.	no

Chandler: That's right.	no

Joey: Never had that dream.	no

Phoebe: No.	no

Chandler: All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.	no

Chandler: Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me! [Time Lapse, Ross has entered.]	no

Ross: (mortified) Hi.	no

Monica: Are you okay, sweetie?	no

Ross: I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck...	no

Chandler: Cookie?	no

Monica: (explaining to the others) Carol moved her stuff out today.	no

Joey: Ohh.	no

Monica:<font color="#0000FF"> (to Ross) Let me get you some coffee.	no

Ross: Thanks.	no

Phoebe: Ooh! Oh! (She starts to pluck at the air just in front of Ross.)	no

Ross: No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just leave my aura alone, okay?	no

Phoebe: Fine!&nbsp; Be murky!	no

Ross: I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone. I hope she'll be very happy.	no

Monica: No you don't.	no

Ross: No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!	no

Joey: And you never knew she was a lesbian...	no

Ross: No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on that? She didn't know, how should I know?	no

Chandler: Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... (They all stare at him.) Did I say that out loud?	no

Ross: I told mom and dad last night, they seemed to take it pretty well.	no

Ross: Sorry.	no

Joey: Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is? (Ross gestures his consent.)	no

Joey: Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!	no

Ross: I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again! (Rachel enters in a wet wedding dress and starts to search the room.)	no

Monica: Rachel?!	no

Rachel: Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!	no

Waitress: Can I get you some coffee?	no

Monica: (pointing at Rachel) De-caff. (to All) Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. (to Rachel) This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?	no

Rachel: Hi, sure!	no

Ross: Hi. (They go to hug but Ross's umbrella opens.&nbsp; He sits back down defeated again.&nbsp; A moment of silence follows as Rachel sits and the others expect her to explain.)	no

Monica: So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?	no

Rachel: Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- (to the waitress that brought her coffee)Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. (to Monica) So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.	no

Monica: Who wasn't invited to the wedding.	no

Rachel: Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue... [Scene: Monica's Apartment, everyone is there and watching a Spanish Soap on TV and are trying to figure out what is going on.]	no

Monica: Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.	no

Chandler: (imitating the characters) Tuna or egg salad?&nbsp; Decide!	no

Ross: (in a deep voice) I'll have whatever Christine is having.	no

Rachel: (on phone) Daddy, I just... I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me! (The scene on TV has changed to show two women, one is holding her hair.)	no

Chandler: (re TV) Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.	no

Joey: I say push her down the stairs. Phoebe, Ross, Chandler, and Joey:&nbsp; Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! (She is pushed down the stairs and everyone cheers.)	no

Rachel: Look Daddy, it's my life. Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.	no

Monica: Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...	no

Rachel: Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!! [Time Lapse, Rachel is breating into a paper bag.]	no

Monica: Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...	no

Phoebe: (sings) Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, (Rachel and Monica turn to look at her.) bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...something and noodles with string.&nbsp; These are a few...	no

Rachel: I'm all better now.	no

Phoebe: (grins and walks to the kitchen and says to Chandler and Joey.) I helped!	no

Monica: Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life.&nbsp; The whole, 'hat' thing.	no

Joey: (comforting her) And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.	no

Monica: Joey, stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day!	no

Joey: What, like there's a rule or something? (The door buzzer sounds and Chandler gets it.)	no

Chandler: Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.	no

Paul: (over the intercom) It's, uh, it's Paul.	no

6:30?&nbsp; Buzz him in!	no

Joey: Who's Paul?	no

Ross: Paul the Wine Guy, Paul?	no

Monica: Maybe. Joey: Wait. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?	no

Monica: Yes!	no

Chandler: Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.	no

Monica: Rach, wait, I can cancel...	no

Rachel: Please, no, go, that'd be fine!	no

Monica: (to Ross) Are, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?	no

Ross: (choked voice) That'd be good...	no

Ross: (normal voice) No, go on! It's Paul the Wine Guy!	no

Monica: Hi, come in! Paul, this is.. (They are all lined up next to the door.)... everybody, everybody, this is Paul.	no

All: Hey! Paul! Hi! The Wine Guy! Hey!	no

Chandler: I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?	no

Monica: Okay, umm-umm, I'll just--I'll be right back, I just gotta go ah, go ah...	no

Monica: Change!&nbsp; Okay, sit down. (Shows Paul in) Two seconds.	no

Joey:&nbsp; Hey, Paul!	no

Paul: Yeah?	no

Monica: (yelling from the bedroom) Shut up, Joey!	no

Ross: So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up to tonight?	no

Ross: Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your- (thinks) -big lizards... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.	no

Rachel: Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight.&nbsp; It's been kinda a long day.	no

Ross: Okay, sure.	no

Joey: Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?	no

Ross: (squatting and reading the instructions) I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no whim guys whatsoever and- I cannot feel my legs. (Joey and Chandler are finishing assembling the bookcase.)	no

Joey: I'm thinking we've got a bookcase here.	no

Chandler: It's a beautiful thing.	no

Joey: (picking up a leftover part) What's this?	no

Chandler: I would have to say that is an 'L'-shaped bracket.	no

Joey: Which goes where?	no

Chandler: I have no idea. (Joey checks that Ross is not looking and dumps it in a plant.)	no

Joey: Done with the bookcase!	no

Chandler: All finished!	no

Ross: (clutching a beer can and sniffing) This was Carol's favorite beer. She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.	no

Joey: Hey-hey-hey-hey, if you're gonna start with that stuff we're outta here.	no

Chandler: Yes, please don't spoil all this fun.	no

Joey: Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?	no

Monica: Oh my God!	no

Monica: My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?	no

Paul: Well, you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers, say her-	no

Paul: (laughing) That's one way! Me, I- I went for the watch.	no

Monica: You actually broke her watch?<font color="#0000FF">&nbsp; Wow!&nbsp; The worst thing I ever did was, I-I shredded by boyfriend's favorite bath towel.	no

Monica: That's right.	no

Ross: I'm divorced!&nbsp; I'm only 26 and I'm divorced!	no

Joey: Shut up!	no

Ross: You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...	no

Ross: I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.	no

Paul: Ever since she walked out on me, I, uh...	no

Monica: Oh, so there is gonna be a fifth date?	no

Paul: Isn't there?	no

Monica: Yeah... yeah, I think there is. -What were you gonna say?	no

Paul: Well, ever-ev-... ever since she left me, um, I haven't been able to, uh, perform. (Monica takes a sip of her drink.) ...Sexually.	no

Monica: (spitting out her drink in shock) Oh God, oh God, I am sorry... I am so sorry...	no

Paul: It's okay...	no

Paul: Two years.	no

Paul: So you still think you, um... might want that fifth date?	no

Monica: (pause)...Yeah. Yeah, I do.	no

[Scene: Monica's Apartment, Rachel is watching Joanne Loves Chaci.] Priest on TV: We are gathered here today to join Joanne Louise Cunningham and Charles, Chachi-Chachi-Chachi, Arcola in the bound of holy matrimony.	no

Rachel: Oh...see... but Joanne loved Chachi! That's the difference!	no

Chandler: Angela's the screamer, Andrea has cats.	no

Joey: Right.&nbsp; Thanks.&nbsp; It's June.&nbsp; I'm outta here. (Exits.)	no

Ross: Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonna ask? (He gazes out of the window.) [Cut to Rachel staring out of her window.] Commercial Break	no

Rachel: Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.	no

Monica: (entering, to herself) Oh good, Lenny and Squigy are here.	no

All: Morning. Good morning.	no

Paul: (entering from Monica's room) Morning.	no

Joey: Morning, Paul.	no

Rachel: Hello, Paul.	no

Chandler: Hi, Paul, is it? (Monica and Paul walk to the door and talk in a low voice so the others can't hear.&nbsp; The others move Monica's table closer to the door so that they can.)	no

Paul: Thank you!&nbsp; Thank you so much!	no

Monica: Stop!	no

Paul: No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raising scene in Witness.	no

Monica: We'll talk later.	no

Paul: Yeah. (They kiss) Thank you. (Exits)	no

All: Okayyy! (They do so.)	no

Rachel: So, like, you guys all have jobs?	no

Joey: Yeah, I'm an actor.	no

Rachel: Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?	no

Joey: I doubt it. Mostly regional work.	no

Joey: Look, it was a job all right?	no

Joey: I will not take this abuse. (Walks to the door and opens it to leave.)	no

Monica: So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.	no

Monica: I know, he's just so, so... Do you remember you and Tony DeMarco?	no

Rachel: Oh, yeah.	no

Monica: Well, it's like that. With feelings.	no

Monica: I think we are getting a little ahead of selves here. Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.	no

Monica: What for?	no

Rachel: I'm gonna go get one of those (Thinks) job things. (Monica exits.)	no

Frannie: Hey, Monica!	no

Monica: Hey Frannie, welcome back! How was Florida?	no

Frannie: You had sex, didn't you?	no

Monica: How do you do that?	no

Monica: You know Paul?	no

Frannie: Paul the Wine Guy? Oh yeah, I know Paul.	no

Frannie: Are you kidding? I take credit for Paul. Y'know before me, there was no snap in his turtle for two years.	no

Joey: (sitting on the arm of the couch)Of course it was a line!	no

Monica: Why?! Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that?	no

Monica: I hate men!&nbsp; I hate men!	no

Phoebe: All right, c'mere, gimme your feet. (She starts massaging them.)	no

Monica: I just thought he was nice, y'know?	no

Rachel: Guess what?	no

Ross: You got a job?	no

Chandler: And yet you're surprisingly upbeat.	no

Rachel: You would be too if you found John and David boots on sale, fifty percent off!	no

Monica: How'd you pay for them?	no

Rachel: Uh, credit card.	no

Monica: And who pays for that?	no

Rachel: Um... my... father.	no

Rachel: Oh God, come on you guys, is this really necessary?&nbsp; I mean, I can stop charging anytime I want.	no

Monica: C'mon, you can't live off your parents your whole life.	no

Phoebe: Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.	no

Rachel: Thank you.	no

Ross: The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'...	no

Monica: All right, you ready?	no

Rachel: No.&nbsp; No, no, I'm not ready!&nbsp; How can I be ready?&nbsp; &quot;Hey, Rach!&nbsp; You ready to jump out the airplane without your parachute?&quot;&nbsp; Come on, I can't do this!	no

Rachel: I don't think so.	no

Ross: C'mon, cut. Cut, cut, cut,...	no

All: Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut... (She cuts one of them and they cheer.)	no

Rachel: Y'know what?&nbsp; I think we can just leave it at that.&nbsp; It's kinda like a symbolic gesture...	no

Monica:&nbsp; Rachel!&nbsp; That was a library card!	no

All: Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut..	no

Monica: Well, that's it (To Ross) You gonna crash on the couch?	no

Ross: No. No, I gotta go home sometime.	no

Ross: Yeah.	no

Rachel: Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. (Monica smiles.) What?	no

Monica: That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody. Ross and Rachel: Goodnight. (Monica stomps on Paul's watch and goes into her room.)	no

Ross: Mmm. (They both reach for the last cookie) Oh, no-	no

Rachel: Sorry-	no

Ross: No no no, go-	no

Rachel: No, you have it, really, I don't want it-	no

Ross: Split it?	no

Rachel: Okay.	no

Ross: Okay. (They split it.) You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.	no

Rachel: I knew.	no

Ross: You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.	no

Rachel: I did.	no

Ross: Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?	no

Rachel: Yeah, maybe...	no

Ross: Okay... okay, maybe I will...	no

Rachel: Goodnight.	no

Ross: Goodnight. (Rachel goes into her room and Monica enters the living room as Ross is leaving.)	no

Monica: See ya.... Waitwait, what's with you?	no

Joey: I can't believe what I'm hearing here.	no

Phoebe: (sings) I can't believe what I'm hearing here...	no

Monica: What? I-I said you had a-	no

Phoebe: (sings) What I said you had...	no

Monica: (to Phoebe) Would you stop?	no

Phoebe: Oh, was I doing it again?	no

All: Yes!	no

Ross: There's an image.	no

Rachel: (walks up with a pot of coffee) Would anybody like more coffee?	no

Rachel: I'm just serving it.	no

Chandler: Kids, new dream... I'm in Las Vegas. (Rachel sits down to hear Chandler's dream.)	no

Customer: (To Rachel) Ahh, miss? &nbsp; More coffee?	no

Rachel: Ugh. (To another customer that's leaving.) Excuse me, could you give this to that guy over there? (Hands him the coffee pot.) Go ahead. (He does so.) Thank you. (To the gang.) Sorry.&nbsp; Okay, Las Vegas.	no

Chandler: Okay, so, I'm in Las Vegas... I'm Liza Minelli- End	no

Monica: What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it.	no

Phoebe: Oh, yeah!	no

Rachel: Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.	no

Monica: Absolutely.	no

Ross: Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.	no

Ross: No, it's good, it is good, it's just that- mm- doesn't she seem a little angry?	no

Marsha: Well, she has issues.	no

Ross: Does she.	no

Ross: (trying to ignore her) No. No.	no

Marsha: Yes, it is. Carol! Hi!	no

Ross:Hi.	no

Carol: So.	no

Ross: Ah, well, in here, anyone who... stands erect... So what's new? Still, uh...	no

Ross: Well... you never know. How's, um.. how's the family?	no

Carol: Marty's still totally paranoid. Oh, and, uh-	no

Ross: Why- why are you here, Carol?	no

Carol: I'm pregnant.	no

Chandler: Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.	no

Phoebe:...Then I've already seen this one! (Turns off the TV.)	no

Monica: (taking a drink from Joey) Are you through with that?	no

Joey: Yeah, sorry, the swallowing slowed me down.	no

Monica: Whose little ball of paper is this?!	no

Chandler: Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... (sees that Monica is glaring at him) ...now I wish I was dead. (Monica starts to fluff a pillow.)	no

Phoebe: She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that- (Monica glares at her.) -but, it's fine!	no

Monica: Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.	no

Phoebe: Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.	no

Joey: Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.	no

Chandler: (looking out the window) Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!	no

Monica: What?	no

Chandler: Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster!	no

All: Eeaagh! (Rachel enters from her room.)	no

Rachel: Has anybody seen my engagement ring?	no

Rachel: Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God.... (Starts to look under the couch cushions.)	no

Phoebe: No, look, don't touch that!	no

Monica: Easy Rach, we'll find it. (To all) Won't we! Chandler and Joey: Oh! Yeah!	no

Joey: Alright, when'd'ya have it on last?	no

Chandler: You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days...	no

Rachel: I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it when I was in the kitchen with...	no

Chandler: ...Dinah?	no

Rachel: (looks at the lasagne and realizes something) Ohhhhh, don't be mad...	no

Monica: You didn't.	no

Rachel: Oh, I am sorry...	no

Monica: I gave you one job! (Starts to examin the lasagne through the bottom of the glass pan.)	no

Rachel: Oh, but look how straight those noodles are!	no

Chandler: Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne...	no

Monica: (puts down the lasagne) I just... can't do it.	no

Chandler: Boys? We're going in. (Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe start to pick through the lasagne as there's a knock on the door which Monica answers.)	no

Ross: (standing outside the door).....Hi.	no

Monica: Wow. That is not a happy hi.	no

Ross: Carol's pregnant.	no

Phoebe: (while everyone else is stunned) Ooh! I found it!	no

Monica: W-w-wh-... wha-... w-w-w-...	no

Ross: Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.. basically it's entirely up to me.	no

Monica: What does she mean by 'involved'?	no

Chandler: I mean presumably, the biggest part of your job is done.	no

Ross: Anyway, they want me to go down to this- sonogram thing with them tomorrow.	no

Rachel: So what are you gonna do?	no

Joey: .....Well, this is still ruined, right? [Scene, Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Ross are pouring wine for their parents.] Mrs. Geller: Oh, Martha Ludwin's daughter is gonna call you. (Tastes a snack) Mmm! What's that curry taste?	no

Monica: Curry. Mrs. Geller: Mmmm!	no

Ross: I- I think they're great! I, I really do. Mr. Geller: (To Ross) Do you remember the Ludwins? The big one had a thing for you, didn't she? Mrs. Geller: They all had a thing for him.	no

Ross: Aw, Mom...	no

Monica: I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me? Mrs. Geller: Oh, she just graduated, and she wants to be something in cooking, or food, or.... I don't know. Anyway, I told her you had a restaurant-	no

Monica: No Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in a restaurant. Mrs. Geller: Well, they don't have to know that... (She starts to fluff the same pillow Monica fluffed multiple times earlier.)	no

Monica: Ross, could you come and help me with the spaghetti, please?	no

Ross: Yeah. (They go to the kitchen.) Mrs. Geller: Oh, we're having spaghetti! That's.... easy.	no

Monica: (trying desperately to change the subject) So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? (Digs her elbow into his hand.) No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?	no

Ross: (pulls his hand away) Okay! Okay. (To his parents) Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby. (Stunned silence ensues.) Mrs. Geller: (To Monica) And you knew about this?! Commercial Break	no

Joey: Your folks are really that bad, huh?	no

Ross: Must pee. (Goes to pee.)	no

Phoebe: Y'know, it's even worse when you're twins.	no

Rachel: You're twins?	no

Phoebe: Yeah. We don't speak. She's like this high-powered, driven career type.	no

Chandler: What does she do?	no

Rachel: All right, you guys, I kinda gotta clean up now. (They all start to leave.)	no

Monica: Chandler, you're an only child, right? You don't have any of this.	no

Rachel: The lights, please.. (Joey turns off the lights, and they all leave as Rachel starts to clean up.&nbsp; Ross enters from the bathroom.)	no

Ross: ...How long was I in there?	no

Rachel: I'm just cleaning up.	no

Ross: D'ya.. uh.. d'ya need any help?	no

Rachel: Uh.. okay, sure! Thanks! (She hands him the broom and sits down.)	no

Ross: Anyway.. um.. (Starts to sweep.) So, you- uh- you nervous about Barry tomorrow?	no

Rachel: Oh.. a little..	no

Ross: Mm-hmm..	no

Rachel: A lot.	no

Ross: Mm.	no

Ross: Well, you may wanna steer clear of the word 'dumped'. Chances are he's gonna be this, this broken shell of a man, y'know, so you should try not to look too terrific, I know it'll be hard. Or, y'know, uh, hey!, I'll go down there, and I'll give Barry back his ring, and you can go with Carol and Susan to the OB/GYN...	no

Rachel: Oh, you've got Carol tomorrow.. When did it get so complicated?	no

Ross: Got me.	no

Rachel: Remember when we were in high school together?	no

Ross: Yeah.	no

Rachel: I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love- and that'd be it? (Ross gazes at her.) ..Ross?	no

Ross: Yes, yes!	no

Rachel: Oh! Man, I never thought I'd be here.. (She leans back onto his hand.)	no

Ross: Me either... (He pulls up a stool so that he doesn't have to move his hand.)	no

Ross: (entering) Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur.. thing.. anyway. (Susan enters holding a drink.)	no

Susan: Hi.	no

Carol: Ross, you remember Susan.	no

Ross: How could I forget?	no

Susan: Ross.	no

Ross: (they shake hands) Hello, Susan. (To Carol) Good shake. Good shake. So, uh, we're just waiting for...?	no

Carol: Dr. Oberman.	no

Ross: ..Dr. Oberman. Okay. And is he-	no

Susan: She.	no

Ross: -she, of course, she- uh- familiar with our.. special situation?	no

Carol: Yes, and she's very supportive.	no

Ross: Okay, that's great. (Susan gives her drink to Carol.) No, I'm- Oh.&nbsp;	no

Carol: Thanks.	no

Ross: (picks up a surgical instrament and mimes a duck with it) Quack, quack..	no

Carol: Ross? That opens my cervix. (He drops it in horror.) [Scene Barry's office, Barry is working on patient, Robbie, as Rachel enters.]	no

Rachel: Barry?	no

Barry: C'mon in.	no

Rachel: (hesitates) Are you sure?	no

Barry: Yeah! It's fine, it's fine. Robbie's gonna be here for hours.	no

Robbie: Huh?!	no

Barry: So, how ya doin?	no

Rachel: I'm- uh- I'm okay... You look great!	no

Barry: Yeah, well..	no

Bernice: (over intercom) Dr. Farber, Jason Greenstein's gagging.	no

Barry: (answering the intercom) Be right there. (To Robbie and Rachel) Be back in a sec. (As Barry exits Robbie stares at Rachel.)	no

Rachel: I dumped him.	no

Robbie: Okay.	no

Ross: So, um- so how's this, uh, how's this gonna work? Y'know, with us? Y'know, when, like, important decisions have to be made?	no

Carol: Give me a 'for instance'.	no

Ross: Well, uh, uh, I don't know, okay, okay, how about with the, uh, with the baby's name?	no

Carol: Marlon-	no

Ross: Marlon?!	no

Carol: -if it's a boy, Minnie if it's a girl.	no

Ross: ...As in Mouse?	no

Carol: As in my grandmother.	no

Carol: Julia..	no

Susan: We agreed on Minnie.	no

Barry: Sorry about that. So. What have you been up to?	no

Rachel: Oh, not much. I-I got a job.	no

Barry: Oh, that's great.	no

Rachel: Why are- why are you so tanned?	no

Barry: Oh, I, uh- I went to Aruba.	no

Rachel: Oh no. You went on our honeymoon alone?	no

Barry: No. I went with, uh.. Now, this may hurt.	no

Robbie: Me?!	no

Barry: No! (To Rachel) I went with Mindy.	no

Rachel: Mindy?! My maid of honour, Mindy?!	no

Barry: Yeah, well, uh, we're kind of a thing now.	no

Rachel: Oh! Well, um.. (Grabs his forehand) You've got plugs!	no

Barry: Careful! They haven't quite taken yet.	no

Rachel: And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye!	no

Barry: Not for her. Listen, I really wanted to thank you.	no

Rachel: Okay..	no

Barry: You know, you were right? I mean, I thought we were happy. We weren't happy. But with Mindy, now I'm happy. Spit.	no

Rachel: What?	no

Robbie: Me. (Spits.)	no

Rachel: Anyway, um, (Gets the ring out of her purse.) I guess this belongs to you. And thank you for giving it to me.	no

Barry: Well, thank you for giving it back. (Barry and Rachel look at each other.)	no

Susan: Oh, please! What's wrong with Helen?	no

Ross: Helen Geller? I don't think so.	no

Carol: Hello? It's not gonna be Helen Geller.	no

Carol: No, I mean it's not Geller.	no

Ross: What, it's gonna be Helen Willick?	no

Carol: No, actually, um, we talked about Helen Willick-Bunch.	no

Ross: Well, wait a minute, wha- why is she in the title?	no

Susan: It's my baby too.	no

Carol: All right, you two, stop it!	no

Ross: No no no, she gets a credit, hey, I'm in there too.	no

Susan: Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no-one's gonna say all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way!	no

Ross: You- uh- y'know what, I'm gonna go. I don't- I don't think I can be involved in this particular thing right now. (He turns to go, but the sound of the sonogram catches hes ear.&nbsp; He returns and stares at it.)	no

Ross: Oh my God.	no

Susan: Look at that.	no

Carol: I know. Closing Credits	no

Ross: Well? Isn't that amazing?	no

Joey: What are we supposed to be seeing here?	no

Ross: Then don't do that, alright?	no

Phoebe: Okay!	no

Ross: (walks over to where Monica is standing)Monica. Whaddya think?	no

Monica: (welling up) Mm-hmm.	no

Ross: Wh- are you welling up?	no

Monica: No.	no

Ross: You are, you're welling up.	no

Monica: Am not!	no

Ross: You're gonna be an aunt.	no

Monica: (pushes him and starts to cry) Oh shut up!	no

Phoebe: (entering) Hi guys!	no

All: Hey, Pheebs! Hi!	no

Ross: Hey. Oh, oh, how'd it go?	no

Phoebe: Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!'	no

Rachel: What? He said 'we should do it again', that's good, right?	no

Rachel: Since when?	no

Joey: Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'.	no

Rachel: And everybody knows this?	no

Joey: Yeah. Cushions the blow.	no

Chandler: Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.	no

Ross: That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm.	no

Monica: Uh, Ross.	no

Ross: What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was- it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi! Opening Credits	no

Chandler: &quot;So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?&quot;	no

Joey: &quot;Warden, in five minutes my pain will be over. But you'll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die.&quot;	no

Chandler: Hey, that was really good!	no

Joey: Thanks! Let's keep going.	no

Chandler: Okay. &quot;So. Whaddya want from me, Damone, huh?&quot;	no

Joey: &quot;I just wanna go back to my cell. 'Cause in my cell, I can smoke.&quot;	no

Chandler: &quot;Smoke away.&quot; (Joey takes out a pack of cigarettes and a lighter.&nbsp; He fumbles and drops the lighter.&nbsp; Then he lights a cigarett, takes a drag, and coughs.)	no

Joey: What?	no

Chandler: Relax your hand! (Joey lets his wrist go limp.)	no

Chandler: Not so much!	no

Joey: Whoah!	no

Chandler: Hey!	no

Joey: Hey!	no

Chandler: Alright, now try taking a puff. (Joey tries and visibly winces.)	no

Chandler: Alright.. okay. No. Give it to me.	no

Joey: No no no, I am not giving you a cigarette.	no

Chandler: It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here. (Joey reluctantly gives him the cigarette.)	no

Chandler: Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete.	no

Joey: Y'miss it?	no

Chandler: Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. (Takes a puff.) Oh.. my.. God. (He continues to smoke.) [Scene, Central Perk, everyone except Phoebe and Rachel is there.]	no

Monica: No, no, no. They say it's the same as the distance from the tip of a guy's thumb to the tip of his index finger. (The guys stretch out their fingers.)	no

Joey: That's ridiculous!	no

Ross: Can I use.. either thumb?	no

Rachel: (carrying a tray of drinks) Alright, don't tell me, don't tell me! (Starts handing them out.) Decaf cappucino for Joey.. Coffee black.. Late.. And an iced tea. I'm getting pretty good at this!	no

All: Yeah. Yeah, excellent.	no

Joey: Y'okay, Phoebe?	no

Phoebe: Yeah- no- I'm just- it's, I haven't worked- It's my bank.	no

Monica: What did they do to you?	no

Phoebe: It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-	no

Ross: Easy.	no

Phoebe: - and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account.	no

Joey: What are you talking about? Keep it!	no

Phoebe: It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing.	no

Phoebe: Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...	no

Monica: We're with you. We got it. (Chandler leans over the back of the couch out of sight.)	no

Phoebe: Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this giant karmic debt.	no

Rachel: Chandler, what are you doing?	no

Monica: (puling him up) Hey. Whaddya doing? (Chandler tries to shrug nonchalantly but eventually he has to exhale a mouthful of smoke.)	no

All: Oh! Oh, God!	no

Ross: What is this?!	no

Chandler: I'm smoking. I'm smoking, I'm smoking.	no

Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you! You've been so good, for three years!	no

Ross: Hold on a second, alright? Just think about what you went through the last time you quit.	no

All: Ohhh! Put it out!	no

Chandler: All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out. (He drops it in Phoebe's coffee.)	no

Phoebe: Oh, no! I- I can't drink this now!	no

Monica: Alright. I'm gonna go change, I've got a date.	no

Rachel: This Alan again? How's it goin'?	no

Monica: 'S'going pretty good, y'know? It's nice, and, we're having fun.	no

Joey: So when do we get to meet the guy?	no

All: Oh, come on! Come on!	no

Monica: No. Not after what happened with Steve.	no

Monica: Look, I don't even know how I feel about him yet. Just give me a chance to figure that out.	no

Rachel: Well, then can we meet him?	no

Monica: Nope. Schhorry.	no

Paula: Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.	no

Paula: Well, you do realise the odds of that happening are a little slimmer if they never get to meet the guy..	no

Joey: Let it go, Ross.	no

Ross: Yeah, well, you didn't know Chi Chi.	no

Monica: Do you all promise?	no

All: Yeah! We promise! We'll be good!	no

Monica: (shouts to Chandler) Chandler? Do you promise to be good? (Chandler makes a 'Cross my heart' sign.&nbsp; It starts to rain and he taps on the window.)	no

Joey: You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside! (Chandler sulkilty picks up a garbage can lid and uses it as an umbrella.) (Phoebe enters, walks to the couch, sits down, and begins to read a letter without saying hi.)	no

Ross: Hey, Pheebs.	no

Phoebe: 'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- (Searches in her purse) -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!	no

Rachel: What bank is this? (The intercom buzzes.)	no

Monica: Hey. It's him. (On the intercom) Who is it?	no

Alan: (on the intercom) It's Alan.	no

Joey: (shouting to Chandler) Chandler! He's here! (Chandler comes in, dripping wet.)	no

Monica: Hi. Alan, this is everybody. Everybody, this is Alan.	no

Alan: Hi.	no

All: Hi, Alan.	no

Alan: I've heard schho much about all you guyschh! (Everyone laughs.) [Time lapse, Alan is leaving.]	no

Monica: C'mon!	no

Rachel: What future boyfriends? Nono, I th- I think this could be, y'know, it.	no

Ross: You know what I like most about him, though?	no

All: What?	no

Ross: The way he makes me feel about myself.	no

All: Yeah... Commercial Break	no

Monica: Hi.. how was the game?	no

Ross: Well..	no

All: WE WON!! Thank you! Yes!	no

Joey: Alan.	no

Ross: He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-...	no

Rachel: I mean, it-it was like, it was like he made us into a team.	no

Monica: Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes..	no

Ross: What?	no

Ross: Yeah, it's his, uh, innate Alan-ness that-that-that we adore.	no

Chandler: I personally could have a gallon of Alan.	no

Phoebe: Hey, Lizzie.	no

Lizzie: Hey, Weird Girl.	no

Lizzie: Saltines?	no

Phoebe: No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone?	no

Lizzie: What? (She opens the envelope Phoebe has given her.) Oh my God, there's really money in here.	no

Phoebe: I know.	no

Lizzie: Weird Girl, what are you doing?	no

Phoebe: No, I want you to have it. I don't want it.	no

Lizzie: No, no, I ha-I have to give you something.	no

Phoebe: Oh, that's fine, no.	no

Phoebe: No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks.	no

Lizzie: Please, let me do something.	no

Phoebe: Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay?	no

Lizzie: Okay.	no

Phoebe: Okay.	no

Lizzie: Keep the change. (To Phoebe) Sure you don't wanna pretzel?	no

Phoebe: No, I'm fine.	no

Lizzie: (leaves) See ya. (Phoebe opens the can and reacts.)	no

Phoebe: Huh!	no

Ross: A thumb?! (Phoebe nods.)	no

All: Eww!	no

Phoebe: I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker!	no

Phoebe: Does, um, anyone wanna see?	no

All: Nooo! (Chandler lights a cigarette.)	no

All: Oh, hey, don't do that! Cut it out!	no

Rachel: It's worse than the thumb!	no

Chandler: Hey, this is so unfair!	no

Monica: Oh, why is it unfair?	no

Joey: ...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?	no

Rachel: Well, I-I could live without it.	no

Joey: Well, is it, like, a little annoying, or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair? (Phoebe spits out her hair.)	no

Ross: Oh, now, don't listen to him, Pheebs, I think it's endearing.	no

Joey: Oh, (Imitating Ross) &quot;you do, do you&quot;? (Monica laughs and snorts.)	no

Ross: You know, there's nothing wrong with speaking correctly.	no

Rachel: &quot;Indeed there isn't&quot;... I should really get back to work.	no

Rachel: Ohh-ho-hooohhh. The hair comes out, and the gloves come on. (They degenerate into bickering and Chandler happily starts to smoke, undisturbed.)	no

Monica: Did you ever go out with a guy your friends all really like?	no

Paula: No.	no

Monica: Okay.. Well, I'm going out with a guy my friends all really like.	no

Paula: Waitwait.. we talking about the coyotes here? All right, a cow got through!	no

Monica: Can you believe it? ...Y'know what? I just don't feel the thing. I mean, they feel the thing, I don't feel the thing.	no

Paula: Honey.. you should always feel the thing. Listen, if that's how you feel about the guy, Monica, dump him!	no

Monica: I know.. it's gonna be really hard.	no

Paula: Well, he's a big boy, he'll get over it.	no

Joey: Do you have any respect for your body?	no

Ross: Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself?	no

Rachel: (holding the phone out to Chandler) Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.	no

Rachel: (to Ross, who has wandered up) God, he's good.	no

Ross: If only he were a woman.	no

Rachel: Yeah. (They give each other a dubious look.)	no

Ross: Okay. I think it's time to change somebody's nicotine patch. (Does so.)	no

Monica: (entering) Hey. Where's Joey?	no

Rachel: I think he's across the hall.	no

Monica: Thanks. (Goes to fetch him.)	no

Ross: (finishing changing Chandler's nicotine patch) There y'go.	no

Ross: Hey Pheebs, you gonna have the rest of that Pop-Tart?.. Pheebs?	no

Phoebe: Does anyone want the rest of this Pop-Tart?	no

Ross: Hey, I might!	no

Phoebe: Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb.	no

All: You're kidding. Oh my God.	no

Joey: (dragged in by Monica, he has just gotten out of the shower) What's going on?	no

Monica: Nothing. I just think it's nice when we're all here together.	no

Rachel: Uh, Joey..	no

Joey: Oh, God! (Hurriedly closes his legs.)	no

Monica: (turns off the TV) Okay..	no

Monica: Please, guys, we have to talk.	no

Phoebe: Wait, wait, I'm getting a deja vu...no, I'm not.	no

Monica: Alright, we have to talk.	no

Phoebe: There it is!	no

Monica: Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan. (They all gasp and clutch each other.)	no

Ross: Is there somebody else?	no

Monica: No, nononono.. it's just.. things change. People change.	no

Joey: So that's it? It's over? Just like that?	no

Phoebe: You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I- (starts chewing her hair)	no

Monica: Look, I- I could go on pretending-	no

Joey: Okay!	no

Monica: -but that wouldn't be fair to me, it wouldn't be fair to Alan- It wouldn't be fair to you!	no

Ross: Who-who wants fair? Y'know, I just want things back. Y'know, the way they were.	no

Monica: I'm sorry..	no

Rachel: (tearful) I just can't believe this! I mean, with the holidays coming up- I wanted him to meet my family-	no

Monica: I'll meet somone else. There'll be other Alans.	no

All: Oh, yeah! Right!	no

Monica: Are you guys gonna be okay?	no

Ross: Hey hey, we'll be fine. We're just gonna need a little time.	no

Monica: (dubious) I understand.	no

Monica: I'm, I'm really sorry.	no

Alan: Yeah, I'm sorry too. But, I gotta tell you, I am a little relieved.	no

Monica: Relieved?	no

Alan: Yeah, well, I had a great time with you.. I just can't stand your friends. Closing Credits	no

Rachel: Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.	no

Ross: Yeah. He could row like a viking.	no

Monica: (entering) Hi.	no

All: Mmm.	no

Ross: So how'd it go?	no

Monica: Oh, y'know..	no

Phoebe: Did he mention us?	no

Ross: You had a rough day, huh.. c'mere. (She sits down and Ross strokes her forehead.)	no

Chandler: ...That's it. I'm getting cigarettes.	no

All: No no no!	no

Chandler: (leaving) I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke!	no

Phoebe: (shouting as he leaves) If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars!	no

Chandler: (returns) Yeah, alright. End	no

Monica: Alright. Phoebe?	no

Phoebe: Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!	no

Ross: Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you?	no

Chandler: Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.	no

Rachel: See, there's always one guy. (Mocking) &quot;If I had a wish, I'd wish for three more wishes.&quot; (Joey enters.)	no

Monica: Hey, Joey, what would you do if you were omnipotent?	no

Joey: Probably kill myself!	no

Monica: ..Excuse me?	no

Joey: Hey, if Little Joey's dead, then I got no reason to live!	no

Ross: Joey, uh- OMnipotent.	no

Joey: You are? Ross, I'm sorry.. Opening Credits	no

Monica: How does she do that?	no

Ross: I cannot sleep in a public place.	no

Monica: Would you look at her? She is so peaceful.	no

Phoebe: (waking and startling them) Oh! What what what! ...Hi.	no

Ross: It's okay, y'know, you just nodded off again.	no

Monica: What's going on with you?	no

Phoebe: I got no sleep last night!	no

Ross: Why?	no

Monica: Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.	no

Phoebe: Thanks. (Chandler and Joey enter.&nbsp; Joey is counting his steps.)	no

Joey: ...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.	no

Joey: (to Ross) Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it out: hockey tickets, Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the Garden, and we're taking you.	no

Chandler: Happy birthday, pal!	no

Joey: We love you, man. (Kisses Ross)	no

Joey: So?	no

Ross: So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?	no

Chandler: Well, aren't we Mr. &quot;The glass is half empty.&quot;	no

Ross: Oh my God, oh- is today the twentieth, October twentieth?	no

Monica: Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember.	no

Ross: Ohhh.	no

Joey: What's wrong with the twentieth?	no

Chandler: Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone?	no

Ross: Today's the day Carol and I first.. consummated our physical relationship. (Joey is puzzled.) Sex. ..You know what, I-I'd better pass on the game. I think I'm just gonna go home and think about my ex-wife and her lesbian lover.	no

Joey: The hell with hockey, let's all do that!	no

Chandler: (trying to stop Ross leaving) C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, (Pretending to punch him in the stomach.) Huh? Huh? Huh?	no

Ross: What are you doing?	no

Chandler: (stops) I have no idea.	no

Joey: C'mon, Ross!	no

Ross: Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?	no

Chandler: You got it. (Rachel runs up cluching an envelope.)	no

Rachel: Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!	no

Monica: Wow, you worked in a mine?	no

Phoebe: I worked in a Dairy Queen, why?	no

Chandler: (looking) Oh, this is not that bad.	no

Joey: Oh, you're fine, yeah, for a first job.	no

Monica: Yeah, yeah.	no

Ross: Oh, by the way, great service tonight.	no

All: Oh! Yeah! (They all get their wallets out and give generous tips.)	no

Guys: Hockey! (They go to leave but are blocked by three of Rachel's friends, Leslie, Kiki, and Joanne.&nbsp; The guys pause to stare at them.) Hockey! Hockey. (The guys.)	no

Leslie: (looking around) Rachel?	no

Rachel: Oh my God! (Rachel, Leslie, Kiki, and Joanne all scream and hug each other.	no

Rachel: What are you guys doing here?	no

Kiki: Well, we were in the city shopping, and your mom said you work here, aaand it's true!	no

Joanne: Look at you in the apron. You look like you're in a play.	no

Rachel: (to a pregnant Leslie) Look at you, you are so big I can't believe it!	no

Leslie: I know. I know! I'm a duplex.	no

Rachel: (to Joanne) So what's going on with you?	no

Joanne: Well, guess who my dad's making partner in his firm? (She points to herself and they all scream again.)	no

Kiki: And while we're on the subject of news.. (She holds up here finger to show off her engagement ring and they all scream again.)	no

Chandler: ...Poulet passes it up to Leetch! (Passes it to Joey.)	no

Joey: Leetch spots Messier in the crease- there's the pass! (He kicks it to Ross, but Ross is staring into a shop window.)	no

Ross: Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she never took'em off, 'cause we-we- (off Chandler's look) Sorry. Sorry. (They walk on.&nbsp; Chandler and Joey start to talk but Ross stops and whines.)	no

Joey: What?	no

Ross: Peach pit.	no

Chandler: Yes, Bunny?	no

Ross: (points) Peach pit. That night we, uh- we had-	no

Joey: -Peaches?	no

Ross: Actually, nectarines, but basically...	no

Chandler: (to Joey) Could've been a peach.	no

Ross: Then, uh, then we got dressed, and I-I... I walked her to the- (looks up, realises, and points) -the bus stop... I'm fine.	no

Joey: Hey, that woman's got an ass like Carol's! (They turn to stare at him.) What? Thought we were trying to find stuff.	no

Rachel: So c'mon, you guys, tell me all the dirt!	no

Kiki: Well, the biggest news is still you dumping Barry at the altar!	no

Rachel: Okay.	no

Joanne: When are you coming home?	no

Rachel: What? Guys, I'm not.	no

Joanne: C'mon, this is us.	no

Rachel: I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-	no

Rachel: Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.	no

Monica: Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends? (She and Phoebe scream.) Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch? (She pours the contents of the blender into some glasses.)	no

Rachel: What's that?	no

Monica: Weeeell, it's rum, and-	no

Rachel: Okay. (Grabs the blender and starts to drink.)	no

Monica: We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got some trashy magazines, we got cookie dough, we got Twister... (The phone rings and Monica answers it.)	no

Phoebe: Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy!	no

Monica: Uh, Rach, it's the Visa card people.	no

Rachel: Oh, God, ask them what they want.	no

Monica: (on phone) Could you please tell me what this is in reference to? (Listens) Yes, hold on. (To Rachel) Um, they say there's been some unusual activity on your account.	no

Rachel: But I haven't used my card in weeks!	no

Monica: (pauses then on the phone) Uh- Rachel has left the building, can you call back?	no

Rachel: Alright, c'mon! (Miserably) Let's play Twister!	no

Ross: (squeezing past people) Sorry, sorry... Uh-oh.	no

Chandler: What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?	no

Ross: No, actually I was just saying it looks like we're not sitting together. But now you mention it, there was ice there that night... It was the first frost...	no

Joey: C'mon, sit. Just sit down, sit.	no

Monica: You should feel great about yourself! You're doing this amazing independence thing!	no

Rachel: Monica, what is so amazing? I gave up, like, everything. And for what?	no

Phoebe: You are just like Jack.	no

Rachel: ...Jack from downstairs?	no

Phoebe: No, Jack and the Beanstalk.	no

Monica: Ah, the other Jack.	no

Phoebe: Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..	no

Rachel: Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-	no

Phoebe: Oh, see, Jack did love the cow.	no

Rachel: But see, it was a plan. Y'know, it was clear. It was figured out, and now everything's just kinda like...	no

Phoebe: Floopy?	no

Rachel: Yeah.	no

Monica: So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy.	no

Phoebe: Oh, like that's a word.	no

Rachel: Okay, but Monica, what if- what if it doesn't come together?	no

Monica: ...Pheebs?	no

Phoebe: Oh, well... 'cause.... you just... I don't like this question.	no

Rachel: Okay, see, see, you guys, what if we don't get magic beans? I mean, what if all we've got are.. beans?	no

Ross: Get him! GET HIM! Get him! Get- YESSS! Not laughing now, are ya pal!	no

Ross: Pass it! Pass it!	no

Chandler: He's open!	no

All: Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! (The player shoots and the puck flies off the rink and hits Ross in the face.&nbsp; Chandler looks concered until he notices...)	no

Chandler: Hey, look, we're on that TV thing! (Chandler and Joey hold the puck and wave at the TV thing.) Commercial Break	no

Chandler: (to the receptionist)'Scuse me.	no

Receptionist: (holds up her hand&#151;she is on the phone) It says to call this number if you're not completely satisfied with this candy bar. Well, I'm not completely satisfied.	no

Receptionist: (on phone) Hold on. (To Chandler) Fill these out, sit over there. (Tosses him some forms.)	no

Ross: (jumping to his feet) Look, I don't wanna make any trouble, okay, but I'm in a lot of pain here, alright? My face is dented.	no

Receptionist: Well, you'll have to wait your turn.	no

Joey: Well, how long do you think it'll be?	no

Ross: Hey, this- (she gives him a look and the guys back off) Heyy...	no

Rachel: I'm so sorry, you guys. I didn't mean to bring you down.	no

Monica: No, you were right. I don't have a plan. (There's a knock on the door.) Pizza Guy: (yelling from outside) Pizza guy!	no

Rachel: Thank God. Food. (She goes to answer the door.)	no

Monica: Phoebe?	no

Phoebe: What?	no

Monica: Do you have a plan?	no

Phoebe: I don't even have a 'pl'. Pizza Guy: Hi, one, uh, mushroom, green pepper and onion?	no

Monica: (leaping off of the couch and runs up) Wait! Did you say 'G.Stephanopoulos?' Pizza Guy: Yeah. This one goes across the street, I must have given him yours. Oh, bonehead, bonehead!	no

Monica: Was he wearing a stunning blue suit?	no

Phoebe: And-and a power tie? Pizza Guy: No, pretty much just a towel.	no

Monica: (staggered) Oh God. Pizza Guy: So you guys want me to take this back?	no

Monica: Are you nuts?! We've got George Stephanopoulos' pizza! (Rachel pays him, Monica grabs some binoculars, and runs to the window.)	no

Rachel: Uh, Pheebs? Who's George Snuffalopagus?	no

Phoebe: Big Bird's friend.	no

Monica: I see pizza!	no

Phoebe: Oh, I wanna see! Lemme see! Lemme see! (She runs up and takes the binoculars.)	no

Rachel: Hello? Who are we spying on?	no

Monica: White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute butt?	no

Rachel: Oh, him, the little guy? Oh, I love him!	no

Phoebe: Ooh, wait.. wait, I see a woman.	no

Monica: Please tell me it's his mother.	no

Phoebe: Definitely not his mother.	no

Monica: Oh, no...	no

Phoebe: Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- (Yelling) Hey, that's not for you, bitch! (Phoebe covers her mouth with her hand walks away from the window.)	no

Chandler: Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? (She slides the gladd panel over and Chandler talks through it in a loud voice.) Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. (To the waiting room.) Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. (She slides the panel back, he turns, and it takes him by surprise.) Ba-!	no

Monica: Light still out?	no

Rachel: Yeah.	no

Monica: Oh. Maybe they're- napping.	no

Rachel: Oh please, they're having sex. Monica and Phoebe: Shut up!	no

Rachel: So, whaddya think George is like?	no

Monica: I think he's shy.	no

Phoebe: Yeah?	no

Monica: Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal.	no

Ross: I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.	no

Ross: Look, it's just a little more complicated...	no

Chandler: Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?	no

Chandler: Then what?	no

Ross: My first time with Carol was... (He mumbles the last part)	no

Joey: What?	no

Ross: It was my first time.	no

Chandler: So in your whole life, you've only been with one&#151;(He gets a look too)&#151;oh.	no

Monica: Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that vegetarian pate that I made that you loved so much?	no

Phoebe: Uh-huh.	no

Monica: What?! You slept with Jason?	no

Phoebe: You'd already broken up.	no

Rachel: How long?	no

Phoebe: A couple hours.	no

Rachel: Okay, okay, okay, I got one! (She sits up and the cushion she was leaning against falls off of the balcony.) Anyway- The valentine Tommy Rollerson left in your locker was really from me.	no

Monica: Excuse me?!	no

Rachel: I was laughing! You made me laugh! (Monica and Rachel start to squabble)	no

Phoebe: There he is! There he is!	no

Monica: Where?	no

Phoebe: Right- where we've been looking all night!	no

Rachel: He is so cute!	no

Monica: Oh, George, baby, drop the towel!	no

All: Yeah, drop it! Drop the towel! Please drop the&#151;(pause)&#151;wowww.	no

Joey: Man. Can you believe he's only had sex with one woman?	no

Chandler: I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic...	no

Joey: Really?	no

Both: Hey, buddy.	no

Ross: Hi. (He is wearing a piece of steel bandaged to his nose.&nbsp; He tosses some forms onto reception desk.)	no

Ross: Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck?	no

Joey: Oh, ah- the kid has it.	no

Ross: The kid...? (To the kid) Excuse me, uh, that's, that's my puck.	no

Kid: I found it. Finders keepers, losers weepers. (Ross looks at Chandler for help.)	no

Chandler: You gotta do it, man.	no

Ross: (to the kid) Oh yeah? Well, I'm rubber, you're glue, whatever&#151;(to Chandler)&#151;can't do it. (to the kid) Listen, uh- gimme back my puck.	no

Kid: No.	no

Ross: 'Yes', how about. C'mere. Gimme!	no

Kid: No! No! (They start to fight over it.)	no

Receptionist: Hey! Hey! No rough holding in my ER!	no

Ross: (tries to snatch it from the kid) GIVE ME MY PUCK!! (but it files out of his grasp and knocks out the receptionist)	no

Ross: (Doing the spinning) Okay, Monica: Right foot red.	no

Monica: Could've played Monopoly, but nooooo. (There's a knock on the door, Chandler opens it, and silently hands back the cushion.)	no

Chandler: Thanks. (The guy nods and leaves)	no

Ross: Okay, Pheebs: Right hand blue. (Phoebe has to bend over.)Good. (Joey stares at her butt appreciatively) (The phone rings and Chandler answers it.)	no

Chandler: Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the Visa card people.	no

Rachel: Oh, okay. Will you take my place?	no

Chandler: Alright. (on phone) Yes, this is Rachel.	no

Rachel: Nooo! (She grabs the phone and Chandler takes her place on the mat.) (On phone) Hello? (Listens) Oh, yeah, no, I know, I-I haven't been using it much. (Listens) Oh, well, thanks, but, I'm okay, really.	no

Ross: Green. To the green.	no

Chandler: To the left, to the left- aww! (They all collapse)	no

Rachel: (on phone) Ohhh... I'm fine. End	no

